technical problems aside let us begin I
don't know what we're so uh first of all
what do i what what do I call you what
do you go by
uh I guess a lot of people call me pokey
okay you want it to be very personal and
call me by my name
it's Iman Iman okay what what do you
prefer
um I guess I've always kind of felt like
poki is fine for whatever situation but
if someone's going to try to be very
personal with me like me the person then
I guess
Iman makes more sense okay so then what
would you prefer I do do you want me to
be personal do you want to be personal I
think I enjoy I like talking with people
instead of characters in general so I
think I'm leaning towards Iman but at
the same time I don't know if you want
to be Iman today or you want to be poki
today I think I should be Iman I feel
like it only makes sense both of us are
really quiet I'm sorry can you say that
again I think it makes sense to be Iman
okay so then let's let's talk to you Mon
so can you tell me a little bit is there
something in particular that you wanted
to talk about today or something that we
can help you with and I say we because
twitch chat is actually pretty good at
this by now oh that's really cute I
think you have a lovely community and
you do a really good job of moderating
them I think from what I've seen at
least I don't think there's really
anything in particular because I feel
like all my issues are very convoluted
okay yeah together that's what we're
here for so so I think that that's
actually what I think what we do what I
try to do is just untangle things for
people because I think most people are
pretty good at problem-solving they're
intelligent they're capable and and it's
just it's really ignorant
and not understanding that tends to be
the problem for most people so when you
say your issues like that's like a heavy
word like what what do you mean by
issues first starters do you know how I
can prevent myself from crying during
this absolutely whoo uh maybe actually
hold on okay do you let me start with
this what's wrong with crying I've just
been crying a lot okay so but what's
wrong with that where did you get the
idea that you're not allowed to cry hear
that crying is bad I guess just in
moments where it feels like it doesn't
make sense okay like now okay so let's
just pause for a second what are you
feeling there is actually a really funny
um picture meme on the subreddit I think
I can make me motivated
if anyone either was watching my
streamer has seen it or it's like
therapist asks you to open up and then
it's like this um glass panel and inside
there's a bunch of dishes that are like
so close to falling out and you're like
I can't and they're like why and then
it's just a picture of that hmm
but it sounds like that's not what
you're experiencing it sounds like it's
the opposite right that the dishes your
panel is so high and the dishes are
starting to spill over the top yeah I
guess what are you feeling right now do
you do you know I guess the nervousness
and I don't know why especially for the
last like two weeks I feel like just
like very sensitive and like on the
verge of crying very often and I don't
know okay yeah and in the crying is a
bad crying let's start there so so I
mean I'm not the kind of person that is
of the opinion that like crime is a bad
thing I often feel like it's really good
and like cathartic or like therapeutic
and it kind of like allows you to let
your emotions out but it almost feels
like I can never get to that point where
they're all out
either that or like they're just like
continuously we're generating yeah oh
yeah oh man that sounds rough so what
I'm what I'm hearing from you is that
you're not you're not opposed to feeling
feelings it's just it seems like there's
a never-ending well of like negative
feelings and even if you let yourself
cry like you can cry for a while but
then like at some point the crying's
supposed to like make you feel better
and you're supposed to stop right like
it's not just like I've experienced yeah
it's like what the [ __ ] it's not like
that I was told at some point that this
would get better yeah and everyone says
that once you let it out then it's out
but you're like but then it's back like
two hours later yeah so so what I'm
hearing from you is that you don't have
a bucket that's full of water you have a
faucet yeah that sounds rough I guess
maybe I I don't really know why cuz I
haven't really experienced this before
and that's why I like I guess that's
like it's like my first question right
off the bat and I I saw it like oh this
will be fine maybe I will tear up at
some point so I don't know why like I
literally just say hello and I feel like
crying yeah
I think for a second okay so my first
thought actually can you think for like
another second sure
I'm gonna guess some tissues I was not
prepared
you
I'm sorry how do you pronounce your name
again Iman Iman do you feel lonely let
me rephrase actually do you feel alone I
don't know I guess it's not really
something that I think about because I
am like physically not alone because I
have like my roommates and stuff and I
do have like good friends that I can
vent to when need be so in that aspect I
feel like it's not like I don't really
feel alone in that way maybe in more
complicated ways that I do for example
like in terms of the things that I have
issues with I maybe sometimes feel like
I deal with those alone or that there
aren't like people in similar situations
yeah it can be really confusing when you
feel a certain way that you're not
supposed to feel yeah or I think
especially one of the reasons I was
nervous to talk to you today with
because I feel like a lot of things I'm
um I like shouldn't be justified in
feeling because I am also like very
privileged and lucky to be in the
position that I'm in and that's also I
like initially many weeks or months ago
when we were talking about potentially
doing this sort of thing I just feel
like people don't want to hear someone
like me complain like understandably so
I think that's part of it
I'm gonna think about how so yeah so I'm
gonna just say what I said again which
is it can be confusing to feel things
that you're not supposed to feel right
so so what I'm getting from you is so
the first thing I'm gonna say is that
I'm here and I'm with you
and at least for a little while
you're not gonna be alone and I'm okay
with who you are and I don't really care
that you have privilege like I don't I
mean part of the advantage of being a
boomer I mean I know who you are I know
you are but I also don't I you know I
come from worlds I feel like I'm an
alien on Twitch because they're all of
these you know they're yeah they're
they're all these things that I've done
derstand about you guys and twitch and
like you know I identify with pieces of
it but but there's a lot of stuff that I
don't understand so the first thing that
I want to talk to you about is because I
think this is this is the problem right
is that that you you shouldn't be alone
but you are I I like what I'm getting
from you is like a sense of like shoulds
like it's a case of the shuds like you
shouldn't feel this way because you're
privileged but the interesting thing is
that like when Wood Wood Buddha but the
whatever said that all human beings are
entitled to two things and those things
are suffering and death and that's like
really really interesting because you
know we have this idea that we say money
doesn't buy happiness but it you know
sure as hell helps but at the same time
like I mean I've worked with a lot of
people who are very successful and very
privileged and the one thing that I've
seen is that like I don't think that
being privileged or successful is makes
you invulnerable to suffering and
somewhere along the way we started
judging people who have things that we
don't have and we started gatekeeping
suffering for them and I think that's
actually really really toxic
right it says that like just because you
have something that I don't have you're
not allowed to suffer and this is a
tango that we all started playing
especially the people who are the halves
and the people who are have-nots it's
one that we both do
but in my experience like I hate to
break it to you Iman Iman right I hate
to break it to you Mon but you know no
amount of privilege power Fame or money
is going to be an antidote to your
suffering and in fact that's exactly
what would they learned so he was
wealthy powerful either jokes earlier
about people in chat said Queen when
they referred to you and I think it's
actually really bizarre because that's
that's literally what what the was like
whoo there was a king and he woke up one
day yeah it was like tired of his
privilege I wanted to see what it was
like to live otherwise and I think he
became really poor yeah so I don't know
that he wanted to see what it was like I
think he actually woke up one day and
felt exactly the way that you do which
is that he cried and then the next day
he cried in the next day he cried and
the next day he cried and he didn't know
why it wouldn't stop and then he's like
things are supposed to make this better
and then he looked around at him and he
said okay like maybe having more
followers on Twitter will make me feel
better maybe being able to eat tastier
food will make me feel better maybe
having a more loving marriage but he had
all those things so he was kind of
[ __ ] in a way that very few people are
is he had everything I don't know if you
have everything or not it sounds like
you have a lot but there may be some
some things in your mind that you tell
to tell yourself like I don't know in
terms of you know if you have kids or
relationships or things like that and
what you think about that but a lot of
times you know people who are privileged
or successful in some way like they look
at that like that dimension of their
life where they're lacking and they say
this is what's gonna bring me happiness
but booth does uniquely yeah not gonna
work
hate to break it to you yeah I'm very
much a problem solver brain and I also
agree it's probably not gonna work yeah
I actually think it gets really bad
because I become very like kind of
compulsive about those issues yeah it
doesn't really make a difference at the
end of the day cuz I'll just become
compulsive about something else
once one thing you stall with brilliant
so let's I can keep talking about Buddha
but I can't let that slide so where does
that compulsivity come from
why are you compulsive helped us
understand that I think I just have a
problem-solver brain and it's served me
for so many years I can't really turn it
off what does that mean problem-solver
brain help us understand that um I may
think that it spawns from the wrong
thing but I always thought that I came
from like like having a strong love for
mathematics and going into engineering
and I mean my life was school and so it
was always about like problem solving
min maxing trying to be as productive as
possible trying to do my best in all
aspects et cetera et cetera
and I feel like when it comes to content
creation what makes a content creator
really successful is a lot of being able
to problem-solve
and being able to min/max and learning
what works and doesn't and changing and
evolving etc and so because it has
served me for so many years it's
something it's it's a part of me that is
kind of hard to turn off but I have
noticed especially as of late that it's
more so like not trying to like fix good
problems per se or or helpful problems
it's just like being obsessive about the
next thing that I can fix it make better
you you thought that slot hmm you've
thought about this a lot
very insightful so let's let's let's so
let's try to take the next step okay so
when you don't problem-solve
how do you feel what does that mean not
problem so exactly alright so you've got
to learn exactly what would they learned
okay and so the good news is that you
can get better I think it's just gonna
happen you're gonna have to do something
that you've never done before which is
to not try right literally I don't know
how to do that yeah so we'll try to help
you we'll try to help you not try so
let's let's talk about this for a second
so you said so let me okay I'm gonna ask
you about the tangled stuff okay so so
like when you say things are tangled can
you help me understand like what like
when you wake up and you're crying on a
particular day like what kind of
thoughts are you having or what kind of
feelings are you having it's just you
know when something is so tangled it's
like where do you start
sure yeah just give me something
anything yeah I think a lot of it has to
do with like like if my personal life is
going well like with my friends or like
my relationships people in my life then
it's like okay well then I need to
problem-solve in terms of like work and
then I'll just like think about its
so hard not to cry you haven't fixed
this freak so let's stop and think about
that for a second the first thing that
you come on here and say is you say
problem solve for me fix something for
me help me not cry when you when you
notice when you set a problem for
yourself and in Iman says I don't want
to cry and then you start crying how do
you feel about yourself like what's that
like we saw frustration right like ah
you were supposed to [ __ ] help me
with this why is it so happening
I mostly frustrated with myself
absolutely why are you tell me about
that how do you how do you feel about
yourself I feel like I'm doing something
that I shouldn't and that's not
something that um works with the kind of
person that I am like I really don't
like to do things that I actively feel
are things I shouldn't do ever okay but
doesn't mean that I don't make mistakes
obviously but like when I know something
is like very clearly like right or wrong
and I feel like in this situation like
it just does not compute to be cry and
so to see myself react that way it's
very frustrating okay so what I'm
noticing is like I'm just gonna tell you
what I heard okay so look at it with me
can okay so you have a should Iman
shouldn't be crying right now I don't
know if it can you hear crying in the
background you guys hear that huh never
right okay my kid is crying she's having
a little meltdown so there is a should
and you are not that should and that
frustrates you so I think if you want to
get to the bottom of this we have to
start with like do you remember a time
when you were younger where you felt
like you should be something and you
weren't that thing I think only to give
some context basically like my parents
immigrated from Morocco to Canada when I
was like about four and I think my whole
life I've kind of just like grown up
with this feeling that I am like a very
indebted to them for that because they
did they did it to give me and my
brother about her life and so a lot of
my life has just been like trying to
make my parents proud and that's
something that means a lot to me and
that also goes hand in hand with the
like you know doing the right thing sort
of thing and that's I like things that I
generally feel like my parents would
disapprove of like I just can't bring
myself to do I don't drink I don't do
drugs like I I just like generally try
to stay away from stuff that could ever
result in them being disappointed in me
but I think also that has probably
prevented me from ever like like going
out and experiencing much in life I also
feel like now I am very indebted to like
my community and to my viewers for
giving you the life that I have and so
frequently it just feels like I have all
these
like telling me what they expect from me
and also the problem is the problem
solver Amy has created like a system
around me that depends on me like as you
continue your years in being a content
creator you start like delegating things
you get a PA you have an agent you have
manager you Beauvoir and so I feel like
there's all these people that rely on me
to do what I need to do in order for
them to do what they need to do and I
guess recently I've just been thinking a
lot about all the all those things and
maybe it's starting to feel a bit
overwhelming okay so I feel like this
should and should not come from a lot of
different angles and even now doing this
in front of you although like you know I
am trying not to look at chat and have
this just be an experience between us
too it's very nerve-wracking because it
feels like anything I do there will be
like some way to twist it negatively and
that is another reason why crying is so
frustrating cuz it's like I mean being
vulnerable in and of itself isn't easy
but also everyone that's just gonna
think that I am a fake crying Amon
Amarth
are you mean how far are you from
perfect fairy do you want to be perfect
um I don't think that's possible
why do you strive for it because does
life makes sense any other way than to
try to be I guess your best self
my friend yeah because here's the crazy
thing okay I'm gonna say something you
may not make any [ __ ] sense you are
perfect what do you think about that I
feel like that's the kind of thing like
you say to someone and you like
everyone's unique the way they are like
you're perfect the way you are I guess
that's what I hear
yeah absolutely right because I don't
think you understand that but I want you
to just think about this and I do say
[ __ ] like that but it's not it's not
because I'm trying to be positive it's
not positive I'm not I'm not trying to
prop you up I'm trying to talk about
what you are now not what you could be
like the only thing that exists in this
world is what is right so like take a
look at your tissue look at your tissue
is it a good tissue is it a good tissue
or a bad tissue or is it it's a good
tissue but why it's it's like got some
gunk on it right it's like wet it can't
absorb what it should be able to absorb
right it did its job no but but it's not
perfect because if you if you crime or
of someone else cries more like they
can't use that tissue so the question is
did you do your job like you're not
perfect right I'll accept that but did
you do your job did you do what you can
do did you do the best that you could I
feel like I don't know what that is yes
no for me to say like what is enough
absolutely and and this is the thing
you've got to understand what is enough
is exactly what you are right so like
when you look at the tissue you say it's
enough it did it did what it was
supposed to I'm content with it is it
completely dry no can it hold its
maximum amount of tears no but it's held
what's what it's needed to for now and I
don't blame it for not being drier when
it's gonna sound [ __ ] weird okay so
if I lose you let me know and if you
want to prime or let me know
I'm trying to be a little bit
philosophical and help you understand
this intellectually because I think your
your mathematical mind is something we
have to leverage that's one of your
strengths and in the idea like if you
think about an equation like an equation
can only kind of be what it is right
actually that's not true that's a bad
example you could derive the equation
and you could turn you to another
equation yeah or or I mean we can't say
one plus one is three because that's
wrong that actually reinforces the idea
of should and objective truth so what I
actually want you to be able to do is
look at your life and say one plus one
is three that what you are even though
it's not enough what the [ __ ] is my spot
if I randomly decided to turn on so did
anyway I I'm gonna bring you there
hopefully but I just put you to think
about this idea that like like you know
the only thing that can exist is like
what you are like you can't be anything
else like I can't make you so like some
people like feel like they should be an
inch taller right and they're like oh
I'm short and it's like yeah man I get
that like I get that you have good
reasons for wanting to be taller even
that you should be taller or that being
short sucks but like you literally can't
be any height but what you are right and
it's not just height that is determined
by like our karma in our biology
it's like circumstance and you kind of
feel like you should do certain things
and like I just think that that's wrong
I don't think you should do anything I
think that you are I know [ __ ] that I
say but I mean really it's not that
you're perfect it's that you are like if
I say you know the pen is here and we
can say that this pen is perfect because
it's it's exactly where it is it can't
be anywhere else I get like it literally
cannot be anywhere else that that
existence is is it's not could be like
the pen can't be anywhere else like it's
here and like now it's
here like it can't be back over here it
is here right the possibility of the pen
being here is like is not a real thing
because I move it over here but like
where's the pen it should be here or
shouldn't be it's stupid it's here it's
here and in your mind
somewhere along the way and I get I get
that I think it's brilliant that you you
know discovered that it's adaptive for
you that it helps you it supports you to
strive for perfection is responsible for
your success and okay really anyway um
so I think what we've got to get to is
like the the bottom of like where you
get this idea that you should be
something and my hypothesis and we'll
look for this okay so like oftentimes my
hypotheses are wrong so I'll say my
first hypothesis is that somewhere along
the way you felt like you were something
and someone and you really knew what you
were and that someone important to you
told you that you shouldn't be that and
then what happened is like you
calibrated away from yourself and
towards that thing and then over time
you calibrated towards should should
should should should and that's what you
that's what you kind of like set your
you know your zero towards that became
your true north and then somewhere along
the way like you got left behind is you
became pokey Eamon got left behind I can
see what you meet and where you're
coming from I think it's kind of hard
for me to think of a moment or like I
for sure like knew what I wanted to be
I've been thinking about it recently and
I do know that for quite some time I
kind of try to separate the two but
mainly in order to like um protect
myself kind of like
people would theorize or say like or try
to try to twist a lot of stuff like a
publicly I'd be like oh like all they
see is like pokey like they don't know
me personally and I'm like that's kind
of how I separated the two to kind of
like make myself feel better but um the
kind of theory that I came to recently
is more so that not that like I know or
knew what I wanted to be but that I just
haven't given myself time to like
identity develop because I've spent man
that's that that makes perfect sense to
me like that's that's like literally
what I'm saying is that like so a long
time ago and I think you've been doing
this way longer than you realize or I
mean I think you do realize it but like
way longer than before I mean how long
have you in streaming on Twitch six or
seven years and it is it okay to ask
people how old they are on Twitter is
that not okay yeah okay I also think
about that I'm 23 and it's like some of
the most formative years of my life I've
spent like working to the point of
giving myself health issues and just
stressing about like pleasing others and
what others think and not accusing
myself anytime to just like live life
and figure out who the [ __ ] I want to be
or I'm happy with mmm
yeah man I think
that [ __ ] figured out all on your own
but I've only gotten not far and I've
only gotten that far from freaking
crying for a week straight
good for you so let's think about this
right so what I'm hearing is also a
subtle should that I should have spent
more time on identity to develop yeah
that that - it's not like oh I can just
like look at myself and Vic oh this is
just like how I've ended up it's that is
like I feel like talking to pokey and
Iman and I think the point here is that
pokey doesn't let Iman grow and you're
beating yourself up for being pokey too
much but that in and of itself is pokey
talking right I mean the thing is like I
don't see it as like I don't know I
don't like see it as an alter ego or
really if you like the problem
no go for it I'm just gonna say I feel
like that problem solver part of me
isn't necessarily like only part of like
my work side or yeah no no no no it's
it's it's not it's not part of your work
only like as this what I'm saying like
your your tendency to gravitate towards
should started way before he started
streaming on Twitch and I think you're
spot on that you know I didn't realize
how young you were but I mean if you
started streaming on Twitch at the age
of sixteen you're damn right that like a
lot of identity development is gonna be
kind of you know like stunted to be
blunt right so like like 16 to 23 is
when when you know people go to college
and like I don't know who the [ __ ] I was
until I was like 28 least two years yeah
and and so like you know so I think it's
okay to not know who you are at the age
of 23 like people think that 23
is adults but like not really I mean
people are like developmentally younger
because I think the challenges that we
face are likely far more complex what
we're is what are we're psychology and
brains are assaulted by on a daily basis
growing up has changed like it's not
like we're living in the woods and like
it's the same [ __ ] [ __ ] every day you
know it's like it's issues of identity
and confusion and and what the world is
like my grandmother did not know that
other places existed it gets a bizarre
thing to think about but like she like
literally did not know that other
locations were real things like she grew
up in her village and she had heard of
places but they were like Neverland or
stories like Bombay was like a place
that people went like it was a story
like she had conceptualized that it was
actually a geographical location where
there are stairs and doorways and cars
and people and that the world was like a
place it was like a myth but now the
world has become a real place and
they're in it like even compared to you
know 20 years ago the opinions that you
had to deal with were like localized to
the people that you met but enter the
internet where now you can get judged by
hundreds of thousands of people are
millions of people and you used to deal
with the judgment of the kids in school
it's like the same thirty [ __ ] kids
and now you have millions of people who
can judge you know much about preteens
and teens in this day and age the other
father mental health yeah they're
they're really it's it's bad and it's
gonna get worse and anyway but so this
is this is the thing you want III think
I think even the way that you beat
yourself up for not having developed
your identity is another shot so we got
to get to the bottom of the should and
you're absolutely right that should is
adaptive okay so oddly enough I feel
like I'm well equipped to help you
because the people that I work with in
my day job I think have very similar
problems to you which is that they've
flagellated themselves into success and
they're like they wake up one day and
they're they're you know you're
apparently Twitter oil tea and
and you know in their case they're like
managing director at like Goldman Sachs
or they're like a physician at Harvard
Medical School and and they wake up huh
and they say the same thing they're like
but I am all of these things like why do
I deserve like why am i crime guy
shouldn't be [ __ ] crime and then I
tell them like well maybe you should
like stop flagellating yourself and stop
trying to be better and they're like I
don't know how to do that I don't know
what that looks like
that's that's me smiley yeah right like
I don't know what acceptance and this is
another one of those you know yoga
calendar flower kind of things like
accept yourself man no but like you
literally like that's not like a thing
on a yoga calendar that's something that
you literally it's like the pen right
like you can't be anything but what are
its like silly like you literally you
can't be an inch taller you can't be
more developed in terms of an identity
perspective you can't be any of those
things because you are what you are you
the past is what it is you know we're
talking about engineering and
mathematics like if you build a
structure in a particular way that
structure can either bare away or it
can't bear weight like you can't what
should bear is actually completely
irrelevant because either it's capable
or it's incapable it's a fact but you
don't view yourself as a fact you view
yourself as a fiction you view yourself
as a should you're not a building you're
an architectural diagram you're like a
building who looks at an architectural
diagram like a different building and
says I shouldn't be that but that's like
it's like little like a building can't
be visas anything about what it is but I
also feel like I'm a building but I am
the architect of the building that is me
so I can change myself to ideally be
what I would like to be but I know that
isn't really feasible in a lot of
aspects but in some of them no because
it's it's a reasonable ocean so it's a
reasonable thing to think because you've
done that right you've been a building
who says I want to be one-story taller
and then you figured out how to like get
people to build you another story and
then you said I want to be one-story
taller
and you figured out how to do that you
figured out how to do that so the funny
thing is that you've actually given
yourself evidence to believe that you
can be something that you are not and I
still think this goes all the way back
to like I mean so
I'm thinking about how to say this tell
me about your indebtedness to your
parents could I also mention one other
thing sure um when I think about I guess
all of the stuff we've talked about
namely I guess um my lack of like giving
myself a break over all these years
maybe one of the reasons I cry so much
is like I feel like I'm mourning over
that I was like it's it's so weird I
don't really know how to explain it but
like I feel really sad for myself yes
absolutely because in what I'm telling
you I stopped at 17 18 19 20 21 22 it's
that's a brilliant of this I'm telling
you like so I'm I'm gonna go back to
this this idea right so like there was a
Mon when you were very young and and
there was something that you knew you
were and I'm not talking about like you
knew you were you know wanted to be an
engineer like and then like there was
like something that someone told you
like hey you should be something
different and then you you went towards
that thing and then like a little voice
inside you said like hey that's not who
I am and then this other boy said no no
but that's not me you should like you
shouldn't be what you are you should be
what these people tell you to be and
then you went further and further and
further and further and further away
from that voice and I think what you
feel right now is pity you feel pity
towards yourself you're mourning because
like there was like a little girl in
there who like had feelings that were
completely fair and legitimate and pokey
told her to shut the [ __ ] up and sit in
the closet because we have [ __ ] to do
and so morning morning is exactly what
you have to do and let's just think
about what mourning means right
because mourning is not about should
like let's just think about what is
mourning if we think about acceptance
and and should
what does mourning mean when do we more
I know it's so kind of weird has like
died or passed yeah but just think about
that like when I'm so my dad passed away
a few years ago and and I remember like
mourning him yeah it's all good please
I'm cool with that he's cool with it
yeah so sorry I mean I appreciate the
sentiment but you know so if we think
about that like if I'm mourning do I
think to myself he should still be alive
today I guess okay so when I've
completed morning do I think that to
myself
you've accepted exactly because should
is the opposite of morning like should
as saying that this person should not be
dead but they [ __ ] are right and so
you can tell yourself that they should
be alive and it's like you can say it's
a it is a tragedy and you can say like
they should be alive but like should
cannot exist with morning and morning is
the process of taking should to
acceptance so you should absolutely be
doing that I think it's awesome that
that's the way that you feel because
that means you're doing it right so give
yourself a pat on the back you're doing
exactly what you shouldn't be doing good
job I'm on a plus I don't want
validation from that though I don't want
validation from just feeling like I'm
doing what I should be doing I think
every everyone's aware of that right so
the way so it's good that like yeah
because I mean yeah because I'm giving
you the A+ and I'm laughing at it and
then you're noticing the absurdity of it
and then you're saying I don't want
validation from it and I'm giving you a
caricature a hyperbole a validation
because I'm giving you a [ __ ] A+
which is what you wanted all your life
and therein we see that the beast within
you is fed so Imani I said this a lot of
times about my frustrations with taunts
creation which is that there is no
rubric and like you know my whole life
I've just loved school and it's just all
about rubrics and finally feeling like
okay when I score at 90 or above like
that means I did good I did my job and I
can go play video games and rest at
night but you know when I'm stuck in a
position where there is like numbers
don't stop there is no you've done
enough and I don't know how to set that
for myself at all even though and I am
DubLi who's that's how you pronounce the
word or EE frustrated with myself
because I know it's do we okay perfect
I'm DubLi frustrated with myself because
it's something that I've known for a
long time but it's just a problem not
like I don't know how to solve yeah so
so it's actually doubly and the way that
you solve it is by using the word DubLi
cuz that's you can't you're not allowed
to say w so like literally really like
the way good you should [ __ ] say it
that way because it's wrong I'm English
what was the second language I learned
and there are so many words that I just
like can't properly pronounce like that
so my bad but no no you're missing the
point
no English is a second let me let me
repeat back to you what you said and you
tell me which statement is wrong right
you correct your homework so you get an
a-plus English is the second language I
learned it's hard for me to pronounce
all words correctly my bad
which widget where's the problem say
many Mon my bad or the whole the whole
thing really just a my bad right you're
doing it wrong go [ __ ] yourselves I'm
doing it do bleep like that's that's how
you learn it right by telling that part
of you that's like hey you should be
something else you're like now
I'm gonna do this today and that's what
acceptance is it's there we could go
back and talk about your past but like
you know that's what you've got to do
you've got to like like think like think
about this like think about the thing
that you should be doing right whether
it's like you pick something and then
you don't do it and then you you look at
that beast because here's the thing look
what happens when you feed a beast
beautiful what have you been doing -
should your entire life feeding if that
grows and it grows and it grows and now
you've hit your breaking point because
this thing has grown so big it's this
it's like a wolf that's the size of an
elephant and you just can't feed it
enough anymore and it's hungry and it's
saying Eamon it's not enough I'm still
hungry you should eat better and you're
like how how much better do you want me
to be and it's like I don't and it's
like I don't know but give me more food
find some way to make yourself better
that's the compulsion and you're like
okay I fixed I fixed my relationships
and it's like I want more and you're
like okay I'm gonna become a successful
twitch streamer it's like I want more
okay and then you put yourself up on the
altar of sacrifice and you say I should
be better because you fixed everything
else in the outside world and then you
give it yourself and you say oh I should
be better and then it's like ah good now
I'm satisfied because you're never gonna
feel better right you can always feed it
yourself you know always find something
about yourself that isn't good enough
and it's just growing and growing and
growing in the way that you stop is you
stop feeding the beast and then it's
gonna hurt because it's like it's gonna
feel hungry and hunger doesn't feel good
and then you sit with that and so I
don't know what it is but like there's
got to be a thousand things that you
should be doing like what are they
I should probably like call my parents
more I should make more content I
shouldn't like diversify I should make
sure I'm responding to these emails and
these projects and these sponsor
liaisons and blah blah Blee blah and on
top of that there are so many people
that like rely on me doing these things
not only that but they require a lot of
direction from me but also I hired them
to do the stuff so it only really makes
sense and it's just like an endless list
yeah so what is one thing that you
cannot do today okay I mean I don't know
I I will respond to work stuff good for
you
how does that feel I mean to be honest I
have been having these like episodes of
just like indulging and not doing [ __ ]
for a solid like 12 hours like I guess
24 hours if you include sleeve and
that's what well like feel really nice
in the moment sort of a bit guilty I
struggle with a lot of that guilt yeah
like well just like flip-flop back and
forth between like how long can I go
without feeling guilty feels so good
just play video games for no reason with
no one watching and then at some point
it's like I'm really guilty I need to
like do all this stuff that's what needs
to change right so like what you need to
do is don't flip-flop don't flip-flop
balance the problem here is that you've
got a seesaw and you're like Iman needs
some time to herself and then pokies
like no you don't get [ __ ] time any
minds like but I feel good and pokies
like no no no you guys like you need to
be you need to be in the middle right
you need to say like okay I'm gonna do
this for awhile and the dog that's
hungry you're gonna tell the dog like
hey man I know it's gonna hurt you're
gonna get fed tomorrow and I'm not going
to neglect you like pokey
serves a seat at the table - like she
deserves to be there and she's bitter
helped you out a lot and you're not
trying to tell her that she's a bad
person but at the same time like Iman
needs some time to herself and like you
can sit with both of those right like
you can sit with like I am NOT going to
live up to my responsibilities and I'm
gonna feel guilty and that's okay I
don't have to give in to the guilt and I
also don't have to try to conquer it
like this is the problem that people
have is they try to conquer their
negative emotions and you started you
started like from the [ __ ] get-go
first words out of your mouth how do I
not cry how are we doing oh we're okay
we're on the right track how did we do
that just talking no letting it it's not
just talking in correct answer now how
do you feel
notice how do you feel
scrambling for correct on answer trying
to compute good soup that [ __ ] you're
not gonna find it anything you say I'm
gonna say you're wrong that's good I
guess like challenge there's a word I'm
looking for that I could find but it
doesn't matter this is the kind of like
back and forth that I feel is actually
conducive or constructive to what I need
I'm trying to figure out how your
squirtle related with that it's
squirrely there's squirrel eNOS in there
see damn it your money come on no see
see even now you're saying but I'm like
that statement is saying I'm doing the
thing that I should be to grow to be a
better person I mean this does feel nice
though I know it feels nice but like do
you see how deep it is it's like even
then the reason you're okay with it
because because beneath all of the
discomfort you're actually growing
you're actually moving towards should I
think also it just kind of feels nice to
not cry for like three minutes
yeah focus on that and not so much think
about oh this is going in a good way yes
good yeah right so that's that's the pen
here you're like oh like for that pens
actually like we're fine with the pen
being here it doesn't need to be
anywhere else and you're absolutely
right that that feels good and so now
I'm gonna have a crazy crazy thought for
you it's not because we're talking it's
not because you're venting it's because
you are being where you are that's why
you're not crying and that's why you're
laughing and this is what would the
discovered he called it bliss and people
don't even know what that means being
where you are is bliss and being where
are you thinking about where you should
be is suffering so you don't you're not
getting better at this you can't get
better at this you can't level up you
can just do it or not do it in a given
moment and no amount of doing it before
it is actually untrue but no amount of
doing it because your brain can change
and there's neuroscience at Bolton and
all that [ __ ] but just pretend for a
motor work with me no amount of doing it
is going to change the fact that you
have to do it today and now like this is
the battle that you have to fight right
is like you have to say like okay
there's a part of me that wants to be
better and like I'm just gonna talk now
I'm gonna do the thing into here and now
because if you think about all of those
shoulds those shoulds are about the
future they're not about now they're
about like I should do this so that this
person can do this I should do this so
that this person can do this and then I
have to do this and I shouldn't call my
parents more because why should you call
your pants more because they could die
one day and if they died one day and
then I'd be guilty because I didn't call
me oh my god yeah oh my god yeah that's
my brain except like you know for
another like two minutes yeah absolutely
and then you get exhausted to that in
the brain's like hey next thing the next
thing to beat ourselves up over beat
herself up beat yourself up beat ourself
up and you're absolutely right that this
is instrumental to your success
absolutely right because unless you beat
yourself up
so you have a high degree of neuroticism
and conscientiousness from the Big Five
personality kind of if you know what any
action is but what that means is that
like you're you're basically like a med
student you're like a [ __ ] trihard
medicine I hate these kids okay no I was
not a med student
I was an end student and there's a
difference okay all the same stem is all
the same all the STEM fields disagree
but okay all you get where you're coming
from if I didn't go into NJ I would have
got into med I know you don't have to
tell me that
Muraki
you know Moroccan immigrants coming to
the US or Canada like come on thinking
about that so much I've literally not
only been like daydreaming but just
regular dreaming fantasizing about like
going back to school
please tell me you're not going to
become a dog no I I don't think I could
become a doctor but yes just like going
back to school and I know I shouldn't be
look it is not ideal seems like you
don't you don't get to you don't get to
just change the words and still have the
thoughts I know I know I mean you know I
was gonna call you a four year but
that's okay that's you actually calling
attention to it which is fine that's
beautiful that's what you should do you
should know that that's you noticing it
that's I think it's my brains way of you
know again trying to problem-solve like
oh I'm not happy with the way my life is
how about I go back three years when I
was in university doing engineering and
whatever maybe then I would be well I
mean I no no no I I don't know that
that's just problem solving because that
could be you mom that could that could
be him on saying I actually want to go
back and have some of those experiences
that I missed out on because I deserve
them maybe it's problem-solving maybe
it's that I don't know what do you think
I think when it's specifically in
regards to like going back to school
it's it was just like that sentiment of
like life being simpler because I could
live by a rubric but I do think in
general when I just think about the
amount of time that I've been streaming
I think about those also quarantine has
really made me think about I guess all
the experiences I probably missed out on
especially because I had a lot of
traveling plans for this year and I felt
like that was one of the ways that I
could simultaneously do my job but
experience new things and feel like I'm
like growing as a person or allowing
myself to develop some sort of identity
that I'm happy with or experience good
and bad and now feeling like I guess I
can't get to do that it further imposes
the fact that I really haven't gotten to
in the past and I just feel sad
I'm gonna think for a second so
sometimes I have these this is one of
those moments can she hear me I guess
not
so I can say this I'll just wait for
this is one of those moments can you
hear me no huh and this is one of those
moments I have these moments sometimes
when I'm talking to people and generally
speaking in my day job but remember this
isn't psychiatry okay
so I have these moments where someone
says something important and profound
that I just have this emotional reaction
that it's gonna sound like a complete
[ __ ] and I just I couldn't care less
okay but good like like I mean I get
that you had all these ideas about
yourself and like but even then it
seemed like it's so subtle it's it
because it's the same [ __ ] it's like
you're trying to figure out how to be a
better you mm-hmm you're like oh like I
had this like frankly it infuriates me
actually a little bit what do you think
about like you know I was gonna travel
and still work but like you're still
feeding that same beast you're trying to
find you're not that's not actually
gonna I mean it's gonna help the little
Iman in me was like I found a compromise
exactly yeah but I think the problem is
that that you don't deserve a compromise
you deserve Iman Iman needs to get her
seven years back like traveling and and
streaming it's not like I'm not saying
don't do it right because if that sounds
wonderful and fun and all that good
stuff it sound like a great idea and at
the same time like don't confuse
yourself that that's I mean it's a step
in the right direction but it's not the
route like the route is that like you
should be able to travel and not work I
will have a lot of people telling you
otherwise that's fine so so
but then then we get back to like okay
so like Oh what are you telling me Amon
are you telling me that you're living
your life for others huh yes but to be
fair that's also like where I derive the
most satisfaction okay fine so I don't
think oh yeah yeah so I don't think that
you should ignore others and I think
that's part of your entire MA
so daughter mine is the son script word
for duty so I think that I to have to
live my life for others I don't think I
can just stop streaming now and I think
that that's fine but at least I
acknowledge and I think this is what
you've got to think about is like it's
okay to do things for other people but
you should understand sizz not that you
don't don't do things for other people
it's that you devalue yourself for maybe
not wanting to do those things there's a
huge difference between saying I'm gonna
eat I'm sitting there for getting my
afternoon coffee I used to have this
problem all the time it I trained at
this place called Massachusetts General
Hospital and so I was I was at MGH and I
was sitting there getting my 4:00 p.m.
coffee because I was tired and
overworked and all that [ __ ]
and I'd get my coffee and then in in the
little display case they'd have like
this like healthy muffin and they have a
chocolate chip cookie and I would have a
struggle every day and the turnout that
the bran muffin was actually pretty good
and and so I would eat the bran muffin
and there's a big difference between
saying I'm gonna eat the bran muffin
even though I want the chocolate chip
cookie and saying I should want the bran
muffin over the chocolate chip cookie
and I think there's a big difference
between doing something because you
think it's the right thing to do and
because it's a sacrifice and beating
yourself up because that's not something
that you don't want to do I have no
problem with you trying to support your
community or do things that are like
good for the people on Twitch which is
great I'm behind that 100% but I want
you to be honest with yourself about
like he's that actually what you want
and if you say let I'm willing to make
the sacrifice I mean I make sacrifices
all the time my
and does this thing where once or twice
a week she wakes up at like 3 or 4 in
the morning
she can't go back to sleep she comes and
you know we tried to put her to sleep
for a while and then she's like at 5 in
the morning she's like daddy I want
noodles and I wake up and then I'm up
with her from like 4 to 7 and and you
know it's absolutely but you try getting
woken up at 4 in the morning yeah I mean
it sounds cute it's wonderful and it
makes me feel like a good dad and this
also it also sucks you know so so like I
think that the issue here is not that
you're not willing to do things that
suck the problem is that I think you
beat yourself up for not wanting to do
them mm-hmm and this still goes back to
I mean if you want to go back to the the
Trail of Tears we got to go back to like
like what was life like for you as a kid
cuz I mean that's where all this started
mm-hmm the indebtedness like it's
crushing he sounded so heavy when you
said that that word and should you be
grateful like absolutely did they do a
lot for you absolutely but I can tell
you something else that if you really
want to like get emotional that they
would be do they know how you feel it
would destroy the
damn it would destroy them
and you have to tell them because I want
you to you know what do they want for
you come on they want me to be happy I
know that and are you sometimes right so
are you gonna and this is the the other
thing is like print it's pretty smart
especially your parents I think they
know yeah baby
maybe not why don't you tell them how do
you feel I don't know it's even hard to
tell you how I feel I think it's very um
[ __ ] stranger the Internet
I feel like it's a very convoluted for
starters and also I really really I
don't like to worry my parents so even
just telling them like oh I had a bad
weekend or I'm crying or whatever it is
like especially for my mom that will
just worry the heck out of her she'll be
ringing me every like hour and if
anything that just makes me feel more
stressed out cuz now not only am I like
sad or stressed or whatever it was
initially but now I am worried about her
being worried and also kind of irritated
it's just it's a big mess it does not
feel like the kind of process that um
yeah I guess I've just learned to deal
with it on my own
yeah so you remember earlier when I was
like talking about this this moment
where you were in maan or you were pokey
and that you should do something and you
didn't do that and you did the thing
that you should do and so that being the
person that you wanted to be uh-huh I
think we just found it like in a weird
way like this makes perfect sense to me
because what I'm hearing is that you
grew up in a household that and I'm not
trying to blame your
just every household I mean my kids are
gonna be screwed up like don't you know
don't believe yourselves about that so
the children of Psychiatrists I don't
know if you guys you guys ever met
children of psychiatrists but all [ __ ]
up and and so it's just it's it just an
inevitability there's no such thing as a
perfect parent like I mean you've done
phenomenally well on so many metrics and
like you're also tortured and like we're
all tortured late if that works right
and and what I'm also hearing from you
is that fundamentally like you know when
you expressed your feelings to your mom
it sounds like you felt responsible for
worrying her and then so there was there
was like I want you to imagine
six-year-old him on who's like I don't
feel good but if mom knows then she's
not gonna feel good and so you were
protective of your parents and by not
showing them like you shoved yourself in
the closet there's like crying him on
and then there's happy him on and then
what happy him on did is she took her
crying him on and she's like get into
the closet mom's coming what you've been
doing your entire life my friend yeah I
think you should talk to your parents
pardon I think you should talk to your
parents yeah I maybe what what what
hesitation do you have what do I say
okay I can help you with that okay give
it a shot you let me know how this
sounds
your parents are still together yeah so
I think you start by telling them that
you're grateful and you can add whatever
source so tell me their story of moving
from Morocco to Canada um yeah when I
was four in Morocco it's actually funny
when I was really really young I hated
it's like school or like doing anything
like when I was little I was real wild
and then we moved to Canada
and then I became an angel sounds good
but I became very like studious it was
all about like doing what I had to do
and yeah that's just how I grew up my
mom is a teacher and my dad is like an
engineer but also taught at a university
at some point so they were always like
very supportive when it came to school
and that was like you know like I would
do on school I would get validation from
them and that was like my cycle of
happiness I guess and um oh they were
also like pretty strict it's like oh you
don't go out late like no boys in the
house like you don't hang out with too
many boys do this you do that a lot of
stuff that especially in like high
school my friends what do or could do I
wouldn't but also like maybe I had like
a little while of like being rebellious
or angry about that sort of stuff but
especially in like my later years of
high school by just kind of learned to
play around it do you know what that
it's not a saying that people use
outside of gaming I don't I don't
represent all people outside of games
what do you get what I mean oh nice they
play around I'm not sure what you mean
by that
because I don't know psychologically or
like you yeah I don't know Oh what I
mean is kind of just a work around it in
a sense work around but I know actuality
like sono idol mm-hmm so my wife for
example wasn't allowed to have boys in
the house either but she her weight
would which the way she worked around it
is that she took a ladder and would
leave it in the backyard so that people
could climb up the ladder and come in
through a balcony that's a workaround I
don't know if that's a to Mickey
um for me I mean like sometimes I would
sneak out to like get McDonald's with my
friends but I was never really
rebellious so what do you mean my
workaround was just like I found
happiness online via just gaming and I
love to game so much I was like
oh well my parents want me to stay at
home all the time anyways so sure I
guess I will forego whatever else and
just stay at home and make funds online
and then when I was seventeen that's
when I started streaming and that was
also my way of like not being so sad
about missing out on other things it was
like oh I found something else to do and
be excited about yeah so I'm gonna try
to keep things practical I'd love to
explore that further but I'm gonna try
to keep things practical and hopefully
you know you I know you want a rubric by
the time we end this so no so no but I
like rubrics too I feel frustrated if
there isn't some sense of progress at
the end of it so we can we can be
partners in crime there so thinking a
little bit about it I mean I would start
by just talking to them about like I
would start with exactly what you told
me which is that you're grateful and
also feel indebted to them that you need
to be happy in life and then you can
even you know add color like you kind of
did to mine like I don't know I mean I'm
the son of immigrants as well so there's
like a powerful story there in my mind
about sacrifices that they made to come
here and I mean my parents you know
we're in like had to borrow money for
the plane ticket and and because they
couldn't afford a plane ticket and so
they came here with like two suitcases
in debt and and you know it's it's it's
a powerful story of like a lot of
sacrifice and like I remember my dad
when he was like in high school like
they had they like singing class and so
he went to singing class like all kids
do and then like his say is his music
teacher thought that he was like
talented so he's like you should come
and you know join like this like Club
and so they joined the club and they
went to go compete and they won so he
won first place for singing and he went
home and he he showed his my grandmother
the trophy and can
guess what she did or what she said she
said it probably wasn't important
because I wasn't related to academics
really close she snapped it in half
threw it away smacked him upside the
head and said what the [ __ ] are you
doing wasting your time you should be
studying more mm-hmm
yeah and so he did study more and he
became a doctor and he came here in debt
and I know exactly how you feel
in terms of that indebtedness and I know
for me it manifested in a different way
because I didn't do a good job I didn't
do well in school I failed and I was
filled same for letting them down
and then and then eventually I became as
I put it all Indian parents dreams and
all Indian kids nightmare by becoming a
harvard-trained physician and then I
became I became that which I loved and
what I loved growing up was like my
parents would get tell me some random
person who I'd met once and their their
accomplishments maybe like someone so
son was like doing this like oh oh yeah
it's so-and-so like mm-hmm yeah go for
it I'm just gonna say like many years
into content creation even making like
six figures plus a year my mom would
still hit me with the are you gonna go
back and get your degree next semester
you know it's like probably yeah but
imagine how happy she's gonna be Iman
when you tell her that you're gonna go
back to school maybe that's
subconsciously oh boy that runs deep
maybe but going going back to you know
how to talk to you I mean I think you
got to talk to him and just tell them
that like you know I'm grateful and I
feel indebted and I feel like I need to
be happy but there's a part of me that
isn't and hear what they have to say and
you're gonna it's unclear what you're
gonna get like maybe your mom will start
breaking down in tears and then you can
break down to tears little you guys can
cry and all that stuff
and and and yeah and then you good then
this is the hard part right you've got
to sit with that and then you got to ask
her mom why are you crying and then
she's gonna say something just because
you're suffering and then I'm gonna say
well I'm crying because you're crying
and then you guys have to figure out
like how are you what are y'all gonna do
about that oh that's hard to imagine
yeah absolutely and this is the thing
I'm on I think you're playing a slow
player game you got to start treating
your family as party members instead of
NPCs I'm serious
right like you're carrying all of this
weight like I can't a mat I can't tell
you just the thought like if I had a
daughter in your situation it would be
so hard I would just be livid that she
was not talking these things because
that's what I'm here for right I don't
want her to protect my feelings I want
to be able to do something about them
like when my kid wakes me up at 5:00 in
the morning like of course I'm furious
but it's also like I'm glad you woke me
up because you're two and a half years
old and you can't make yourself instant
noodles I don't want you to try years
old
yeah but I'm 23 years old and so it
feels like I am old enough to the point
that like I should be able to deal with
these things there it is my parents
there it is where did you hear the word
yeah yeah but here's you shouldn't like
I mean I still rely on my mom for [ __ ]
like you know she still tries to do my
laundry and it's like it's weird I mean
you want to talk
about being like not independent I'm 37
sensibly professionally successful
independent and I live with four women
who all in some capacity take care of me
you want to talk about I don't know what
Moroccan culture is like but in Indian
culture like men are incapable of taking
care of yourselves and I'm so incapable
of taking care of myself that like one
isn't enough - is it enough three isn't
about you need I thought I'd to breed a
couple to get my needs met and it's a
beautiful it's a beautiful scary thing
the day that you have a daughter that's
old enough that can do something for you
it's it's like wonderful but it's also
like hey can you go get me that thing
from upstairs and they're like
absolutely dad and then they go in the
editor like yeah okay I can get used to
this but you got to tell him I'm on and
you got to sit with her like worry and
anxiety this is where the problem solver
in you rec needs to recognize that like
part of your reluctance to deal with
feelings probably comes as modeled
behavior from her and can you guys sit
with the idea that like there's parts of
you that are unhappy but like your life
is good and you need to share with that
with them too like don't give them one
seesaw like one part of the seesaw the
problem here is that you're you're only
giving them one half of the seesaw
give them both they'll be able to handle
it talk about how okay maybe they can I
don't know I mean I think they could I
just think it's so hard for me to I
guess I guide
long matte path of like every time I
mentioned something is not well you guys
don't need to freak out like I am NOT
dying if like I sneeze once you like you
don't need to call me every two hours if
I'm having a bad day it's fine so now
I'm confused mm-hmm for two reasons the
first is you say what do I say to them
and because you seem to have a really
good answer the second thing is you say
I should know better and it sounds like
you absolutely fine do your exactly your
spot-on right you need to sit with them
and teach them because you are an adult
actually that is the statement of an
adult is in recognizing that like you
need to explain to your parents and say
like and so now I can give you some
language around this okay so take notes
so when I tell you that I'm unhappy or I
cry what do you guys think is going on
and what do you think you have to do
about it and and just explore that with
them which is gonna be a really
confusing question like I had a two and
a half hour conversation with my mom the
other day about like some really basic
stuff about like understanding your
insides because she just doesn't like
I'm assuming that Indian Moroccan
culture because I understand a little
bit about Moroccan culture like pretty
similar in terms of you have your option
of stem field no boys in the house you
could also perhaps be a lawyer if you
want to be a little bit edgy yeah so so
in our case it wasn't edgy my dad said I
have an older brother and he told he
said that one of y'all is gonna be a
doctor and one of y'all is gonna be a
lawyer and I hate what I used to say my
med school interviews and they're like
why do you want to be a doctor like what
brings you here and I would say well yes
so I tell them that my dad told me that
one of y'all has to be a doctor when it
all has to be a lawyer and my brother's
older and he got to choose first and he
went to law school so here I am yeah and
so talk to them about you know what are
they thinking like and then asked
explicitly like some and I think you
should share like everything that you're
sharing with us right which is that you
sometimes hesitate to share things with
them because of how much it hurts them
tell them that and so like what do you
guys think about that
and then like is it okay for me to like
tell you that I'm not doing okay and
like I know it hurts you but like I'm
gonna be okay
like I'm not so worried about it oh you
know how like how they say if you have a
child you shouldn't be overly protective
of them especially when they're like
super super young and be too scared of
them getting sick because the only way
you build your immune system is by
getting sick every now and then when
you're young I I feel like I guess
that's what happened to me in terms of
just like general life experiences
absolutely beautifully point and am I'm
not supposed to be am I supposed to be
doing that I was just thinking am i
raising my kids wrong oh I don't know I
don't know you know it's it's really
it's okay you'll find out in like ten or
twenty years don't worry about it
absolutely that's the approach I'm
taking right yeah I guess maybe that's
how I see it yeah absolutely I think it
makes sense I think you are overly
protected and and by overly protected I
think what you've been protected from or
what you've been insulated against this
to a certain degree your own feelings
and emotional expression and and so
you'll be thrilled you can tell your mom
I'm on that that you know I spoke with a
guy who happens to be a psychiatrist and
he said he he said I was just like all
of the middle-aged you know Middle
Eastern and or South Asian or Asian
attorneys I'm just like that and that I
don't know how to emotionally express
myself or connect with you guys on an
emotional level and I'm also very
financially and professionally
successful and I'm deeply unhappy I mean
I don't think you do
but I don't think you're deeply unhappy
but I think you've got to connect and
this goes back to loneliness like I
don't understand you know I think you
speaking of things that you've missed
out on and things that you owe yourself
I don't I don't believe that you need to
have an NPC relationship with your
parents like that's like I mean it
sounds like you're alone from them you
you know they're they're NPCs and you
have scripted interactions with them
it's not like you know it's like you
walk up to them and it's like take your
pick
I am doing well and then she responds
with when are you going to college and
then it's like it's like literally like
a [ __ ] NPC you go up to them and then
you right click them and then they say
that like come on like what do you think
about going to college next semester and
you know like in games you can have
dialogue with people you can have the
same [ __ ] dialogue over and over and
over again and those are the
relationships we have with our parents I
do want to say though that like I also
feel bad because it's not it's not
entirely their fault I also feel like
and I'm here whatever it's about fault
also it just makes me really sad because
like I left Canada three years ago and I
moved out from home at 18 for University
anyways but I also feel like it's
exponentially more difficult to do these
kinds of things with that considerate
and with like language barrier to some
extent because I feel like that kind of
thing would translate so much better in
person and I was actually hoping to I
was planning on visiting them a week
before the quarantine started and I was
hoping to like perhaps get to tackle
certain issues but then that didn't
really get to happen either and I like I
can't tell whether I'm like putting it
off by wanting to do it in person or if
like I really think that that would make
a difference but I guess it's just
something that I feel has also stunted
stunted my ability to do that with them
sure do you meditate yes
I was doing really good up until two
weeks ago and then I started crying a
lot there might be a connection it might
be connection right so so come on I
think you're very spiritually adapt I
think you have a mind that's that's well
designed for spiritual exploration so
and I really would would recommend that
you continue to not miss necessarily you
have to meditate but I think so a couple
of things so you're now we talk about
kardama familiar with karma come on yeah
could you just sure define it yourself
sure I know so so when I look at you I
see a certain like you were dealt a
certain hand in life and I think that
the hand that you were dealt is sort of
like geared toward spiritual growth and
and what there are a couple of things
that I look for and people who are like
prone towards kind of spirituality and
it everyone is prone to their own kind
of spirituality I think you're prone to
a very particular kind that's actually
like with us because I think you have a
lot of the struggles that he had like
literally like literally right so if we
think about what worked for him like he
if we think about you know his starting
position in a particular game like your
starting position is actually somewhat
similar and so his solutions may apply
like you know if you I don't know what
kind of games you play but if you have a
particular star can there's like a
particular strategy that's like
optimized for you know winning yeah and
and so I think that the other thing is
you're very self-reflective I don't know
if you've done therapy or other kinds of
activities or you kind of do this kinda
stuff but your ability to catch your
thoughts and notice what you're doing
for example when you said I don't know
if that's like me just making excuses
for myself that I want to do this in
person and I want it to be perfection
even my profession is it that amount of
self reflectiveness I think is very
helpful for a particular kind of
spiritual growth which is the kind of
that I I like which is not so much about
God or devotion or anything like that
it's it's really about understanding
like how you work it's actually a system
of engineering it's not like religion
I'm serious so I mean what I think about
it as is like mechanisms of the mind and
in your case you have a particular thing
called a some scar
some scars like sort of a ball of
undigested emotion or like a background
program that's kind of running in your
mind that flagellates you for not being
good enough that drives you forward but
at the same time it's just like a
process that's running on its own and
like you know processes that are running
on their own can be like good for our
computer but then also there are some
times where we need like
control-alt-delete and like end task and
yeah a filthy Mac user but disgusting
also an eternal struggle between myself
and my wife but anyway so I think you've
got this thing right and I think you're
able to see it like you're able to see
the should and and so I think that's
good and I would just recommend that you
continue pursuing spirituality and like
a pretty concrete way because that's
what you'd like to do and and really
kind of focus on the stuff because I
think you'll get a lot of yield out of
it but in terms of you know should it be
done better in person I think yeah like
I think could you be avoiding absolutely
but I think it also you know being able
to hug I don't know if you hug your
parents but of course I mean some some
brown people don't some Asian people
don't yeah so yeah so like I for example
never my parents never kissed me like
it's weird like like I had to like like
when I was 18 or 19 I was like I'm gonna
start kissing my mom on the head cuz I
didn't know what to do and now I'm all
about the kissing with my kids but
anyway so so III think that you know
physical distance may actually be
important and you just have to decide
like this is also where I think you're
trying to set up the perfect
conversation which now that's a problem
right because like you shouldn't let
perfect to get in the way of like
starting a conversation yeah and so if
you want to do it but that too is like
Karma so this is like this is you're
gonna moan so I didn't even explain what
got my eyes but you know karma is kind
of your circumstances is one way to
think about it and the way that I think
about it is it's really just the
principle of cause and effect so like
you know if I
so if I walk into a bathroom that's
flooded that is a circumstance but at
the same time if I turn my bathtub on
and you know put the stopper in and let
it fill up and overflow like that
circumstance is created by something
that I did so now you're gone well like
kovat is part of your karma because it's
a circumstance it's something in the
external environment it's not something
that you control and at the same time
like karma is kind of tricky because
it's sort of like you can shape your
environment over time so you do control
your environment to a certain degree but
you also don't control your environment
to a certain degree and and for you to
think a little bit about like like right
now so you can't have that conversation
during koban so maybe there's some kind
of so now do you want to have it are you
not going to have it
yeah I'm really unsure yeah so I think
think about it how are we doing in terms
of untangling by the way I think good
I'm crying a bit less I want to soon
good but in general I I mean going into
this conversation has again being
reflective I feel like most of my life
I've been so busy being grateful for my
parents and the fact that they've for
the most part been like very loving and
supportive that I would have never even
thought that anything in regards to my
relationship with them would be
unhealthy I guess I just put it upon
myself to just deal with the Cork's I
don't know yeah it's a good way to it's
nice to I guess delve into that yeah I
mean what I'm so dealing with the courts
is interacting with an NPC like you
accept them as who they are like if you
really want to understand acceptance
think about the way that you approach an
NPC because they're not going to change
right and you just accept them for who
they are it's
yeah yeah but also like it was I thought
I was doing it for them you know you are
doing it for them and that happens to be
the wrong way to do it yeah Prabhas like
the whole point is that like you should
do things for them and they should do
things for you but your relationship
with them is one-sided and like that's a
problem and I can I can assure you as a
parent that like you know I want a two
sided relationship with my kids like
that's what they want
yeah and just think about how happy
they're gonna be when you share with
them that you're unhappy and then you
share with them that you're happy right
and they want to help you get there you
might say anyway this is something like
in terms of the tangled ball that we
kind of didn't get to or something that
you feel like is left unaddressed
I'm sure could I go to the bathroom real
quick yeah sure thank you I guess I'll
check quick chat while we're waiting
maybe I should go pee too
no I don't really like Pierre I don't
like drinking I gotta eat some of them
first but is Cowell Niranjan no no yeah
I'm gonna get food I like talking to him
on she's cool
Oh is she hard on herself
yeah yeah but I mean not not while I'm
talking to her right that's like really
disrespectful guys I don't I don't mind
um I'm gonna drink on stream but like
it's not fair to her like you think
about it like if you guys came on stream
what would you want me to be lucid or
would you want me to be and hit like yep
he created okay so it's it's not that I
don't mind being festive but I you know
let's let's think about why we do this
right so the stream isn't isn't about I
know it's bizarre it's not about an
entertainment right like so the one way
the thing that screws me is when I start
thinking about anything except what the
drink the stream is actually for and the
stream is to help the person that we're
talking to nothing more nothing less
and anything else that happens in terms
of donations and stuff which is amazing
and I'm grateful for it don't get me
wrong but like that's not why you do it
right you guys should donate and support
us because of what we do with the person
that we're talking to and also donate
because you think it's entertaining cuz
we'll do that from time to time but like
let's not forget what our primary
autonomous is to help the person there
because when we help that person like
you think about it right because it's
AoE healing so if I like you know if I
miss Cass to heal like not only does it
not help that person but then it like
doesn't help any of you guys like I
don't know how anyone is helped by me
being a drunken [ __ ] on stream
entertain sure and that's something that
we're willing to do and sometimes it's
important to last we'll laugh but like
how many of you guys have relationships
with your parents where you guys treat
them like NPCs and the second thing is
where they treat you like an NPC right
we haven't even gotten there but like
the other thing is like I mean I was
just getting on role talking to myself
which I sometimes do but the other thing
which is kind of tricky here is that you
know you learn how to treat them like
NPCs in a particular way like because
that's how they treat you because they
didn't see him on they saw pokey
engineering major in a couple of years
it's gonna be I mean I don't know what
your relationship status is but like
it's gonna go from no boys to like why
aren't you married yet
like that's what happens like one day
flip a switch yeah yeah and you're 23 so
you may be a bit young but I give it one
to two years and if it hasn't started
and you don't have a boyfriend then
they're gonna and it's not like a
boyfriend it's like single now okay
marriage when child when yep yeah see
that's an NPC it's like when you go to
the NPC and it's like you're you're like
looking like you're like open the vent
like you know the vendor menu and it's
like where's the child where is the
marriage like I like one of those please
like can you you know that dialogue
option is like not like they're like
clicking the dialogue what when are you
married and then they like look at your
response and your responses no and
you're like no no I'm looking for the
response to transition yeah it's like
it's like you're trying to unlock the
write like you know it's like you're
trying to unlock a higher tier of
response from the NPC it's like why
don't we have to do to get him on to say
yes exactly it's like I have to go
complete this quest find Moroccan lawyer
check bring Moroccan lawyer to him on
Jack come on we want you to come visit
you go home there's some random dude
there he seems awkward you seem awkward
at the end of a quest failed yeah you go
to you go to the NPC and you're like
okay what are you married yet and
they're like oh [ __ ] we failed the quest
so you know then you know what you do
when you fail the quest right and Wow is
you go and you pick up you band in it
you pick it up again it's and they're
like hey I'm on you should come home for
you know whatever you come home it's not
rocket lawyer it's Moroccan doctor
exactly they're like let's try yeah and
they're gonna keep doing it because
they're treating you like an NPC it's
it's it's unfortunate right we don't
treat we don't we treat people as
caricatures anyway
I was just talking to a chat it's okay I
go on long rants to twitch chat is all
full so come on help me understand a
little bit about like you know I'm kind
of I'm not sure whether I'm not sure
where to go from here I'm happy to
continue talking if you want to I'm
happy to kind of summarize or if you
have questions or things like
yeah we are yeah I think there's some
other things that maybe we could delve
into a little bit namely especially as
of late and I don't know exactly why as
of late but I feel like I have a lot of
I feel very jaded and I feel like I yeah
I mean yeah
oh and I feel like I have a lot of
pent-up a resentment and regards to like
I don't want to say like streaming
because streaming isn't what bothers me
but um a lot of the things that I've
come of stream okay and I think it's
resulted the jaded Ness in me feeling
very defensive okay I didn't but I know
we'll have to you know unload that one
step at a time
yeah you know no so so defensive so you
know sometimes I can be a real [ __ ]
on stir I didn't mean to like literally
laugh in your face when you said Jaden
because I just like I was like what the
[ __ ] do you think you're like talking
yeah sorry when I said that it was
because I was referring to I guess
another aspect of my life yeah no no I
get it but like this is the thing right
this is the background process this is
you don't just whip yourself in one
dimension this is the shoulds because
like when you live a life of shoulds
you're gonna be resentful like so this
is a okay okay so funny at this point it
sounds like a disease you have a really
bad case of the show it absolutely is a
disease there's prescribed yes yes
that's what I do as I prescribe things
for the case of the show I'm writing a
couple of books and one of them like one
of the one of the chapters is a case of
the shirt of what it could us I call it
like I talked about it like it's a
disease because it [ __ ] is
okay so like first thing to understand
is like so let's think about where Jaden
comes from okay so anytime you have a
case of the shuds you end up with one or
one of two things
shame or resentment if you fill if if
you give in to the shoulds and you
accomplish what you should do you end up
with resentment and if you don't
with shame right and you've got a
healthy dose of both like you feel
guilty for not doing it
and once the should is there you're
you're stuck with one of those like I
hate to break it to you but that's why I
think about it as a disease because
that's the only thing that can happen
because either you sacrifice of yourself
and then you end up resent resenting
right like I should have a kid that's
gonna lead to Jade Yeah right all of the
things that we're forced to do in life
or that we we don't do of our own
because should is not a sacrifice
shouldn't sacrifice are very different
things
sacrifice is a choice should is like a
pressure and so the second that that in
so I think the thing is you're gonna
have more resentment and when you say
jaded what I hear is resentment because
you gave of yourself something that you
did not want to and you like are
frustrated about that you were pushed
into giving I don't know how much of
this applies could be completely wrong I
don't know what so like when you said
jaded I was like yeah damn right right
like it's not something new it's it's
that somewhere along there I mean so
this is my hypothesis is that somewhere
in there that jaded Miss that resentment
comes from doing things that you
actually did not want to do and you
mentioned something about streaming and
I think this is a great example of like
something that on the one hand you do
want to do something that you recognize
is your Dharma something that you
recognize this fun and is something that
you don't want to do in some ways or
that you don't want peace of it but you
force yourself to take that piece of it
maybe because you don't know how not to
or maybe because it's worth it but
there's a part of you that says I don't
want this yeah yeah
I think I'm stuck in that place yeah and
and so we can talk more about that but
like absolutely and then you feel
defensive and we can talk about what
defensive is so so give me more and this
is the tricky thing now what I'm gonna
ask you to do Aman is don't give me even
though they're wonderful don't give me
your conclusions give me raw data right
so and I know you gave a wonderful
summary so that was fantastic because
that got me started and I have a
framework but maybe you've biased me in
some way and maybe I already think I
know the answer maybe not so tell me
what do you what do you mean by jaded I
think a lot of the stuff that has
occurred especially over the last two
years has left me jaded both via the
ways people have treated me people that
I know as well as like randoms online
have you been treated dad dad dad dad um
[Music]
so many people I I just feel so like
used and abuse the amount of people that
will like um be so nice to me and then
ask me for help and behind closed doors
like as you know whether it's selfish or
not I really enjoy being of use to
others I get a lot of validation from
that and I feel like it's good for
everyone but then like at any given
opportunity will throw my name under the
bus or make me the butt of a joke or
will what's the word
not appeal to anyways well I guess like
appeal to or take advantage of the
mountains of people that are ready to
hate me at any moment and then I think
it also makes me really jaded to know
that jaded to know what that regardless
of like how someone will treat me
privately the public aspect of that is
so different because there's business
involved that sounds fun yeah
well like I don't want to say I agree
because it's just my feelings but and
like there you go and validating him on
again no I'm just so used to people in
validating me that I just start doing it
to myself all the [ __ ] time yeah it's
got to change my friend because you're
allowed to be resentful oh okay thank
you you just worry about you to drop an
f-bomb oh I'm so sorry no I'm but I
think it's a sign of progress a plus
[Laughter]
yeah and there's like two sides of it
there's like people where I feel it's
like manipulative in the sense that like
they want to be on my good side
privately but then publicly they want to
appeal to the people that hate me as
well and I've literally had very popular
people say very rude things about me
have their viewers harass me and then
that very same evening or next day they
DM me being all nice or asking for help
or whatever it is and that is such a
freaking brain boom for me because like
my reflex is like if someone asks me
something I want to respond I want to be
nice I want to like do the right thing
that's what like I should do and that's
like what I enjoy doing but that also
having to like calculate weight but this
this person like has no genuine care for
me like they just want to say stuff
that's gonna get like clipped and
shipped or have people laugh at or
ridicule me or whatever it is like they
want their cake and they want to eat it
too
and then there's the flipside sorry when
did where do you get your idea of what
the right thing to do where did you get
the idea that helping people is the
right thing to do
well to be fair like it makes me feel
good and I'm being helpful to someone
else so it just feels like the right
thing to do
can I tell you a story so I think we
have a really messed up view of right
and wrong so this is this is a train
wreck of a story because I use some
script names and it's hard for people to
follow so there was a long time ago in
India and I butcher the story every time
I wouldn't try to keep it quick because
I I really want to get you talking again
and hear what you have to say but I just
wonder I just can't help myself because
this infuriates me I like her stories so
there was a king in India a couple
thousand years ago and he has a couple
of kids and his eldest son is blind and
then he has another child who's younger
is also a boy but is not blind and so
generally speaking in ancient India you
know the throne passes I was gonna say
this today because people call you
royalty so I was like maybe this applies
to you have to mix up so pay attention
so the so you know generally speaking
what would happen is the throne would
pass to the eldest son but his eldest
son is blind so the king is kind of
trying to figure out he's like what
should I do
so he ends up saying you know ultimately
concluding that the kingdom is best
served by a king who can see because
they would go into battle on chariots
and archery was a big part of warfare
and you have to be an archer and like I
know that there's an anime here there we
have blind archers but for the most part
it's the knight good looks like an anime
thing it's not a real thing yeah so he
he you know passes over his first son
and passes the throne to his second son
then everyone's kind of okay with that
eldest son is somewhat resentful because
he felt like he deserved that creator he
was entitled to it and it's we'll see if
deserving or in being entitled to
certain things as part of what you
experience and then like things are
actually okay though because you know
eldest son can't really raise an army
and fight a war because he's [ __ ]
blind so then you know so the the king
who's
the younger brother G has children and
then the blind he's also kind of a king
the blind prince or whatever has
children as well and then the blind
king's children are very resentful
because they felt like they got a bad
beat and they felt like my father should
have been king and so I should have been
king but he got robbed and I'm getting
mugged
so they were filled with jealousy and so
what happens is that so there are two
sets of gun cousins one of those sets of
cousins is called the bond Ava's they're
sort of the good guys they're the people
who are actually kings and then the the
bad guys are the Kauravas and they're
the jealous people and so what happens
is they're jealous for a while and they
they actually try to kill their cousins
here there and then eventually what they
do is they come up with this plan to GAM
because they know that the eldest son of
the bond Ava's like has a weakness that
he can't turn things down so if they're
like hey I'm yeah okay so they're like
what we're gonna do is we're gonna
invite the the guy who actually rules
the kingdom over for a gambling night
and then we'll like yeah gamble thrown
absolutely so that's what they do and
and they they kind of they don't really
cheat per se but they've got someone on
their side who's like really good at
gambling so he kind of advises them and
they end up the the good guys end up
gambling away the kingdom because that
guy's a [ __ ] dumbass supposed to be
hero that he's a [ __ ] dumbass and and
then and then eventually what happens is
that one of their that one of the
Pandavas advisors sort of stops in he
says instead of gambling away the
kingdom why don't we put some conditions
on it and what you can say is that if
you guys win this hand you guys get to
rule the kingdom for 13 years but after
those 13 years we get the kingdom back
and during those 13 years you have to go
incognito and if they find you and they
can discover where you are it resets the
vlog so you basically have to go
incognito mode for 13 years and if you
can successfully hide for 13 years you
get to come back and you get to take
that back
and so everyone agrees to this before
the bat the bet happens they end up
losing they lose the kingdom they go
into hiding
thirteen years pass the governor of us
try to find the bond of Oz so that they
can reset the timer but they fail and
then thirteen years are over bond of us
come back and they say to the Kauravas
can I has my throne back please and what
are the Corolla say yes they say no I'll
say [ __ ] you so it's ours now it's mine
but even such a good job hiding yeah
they broke oh yeah come on they broke
the rules they were nice to you in
private and meet to you in public and
what did you say you said yeah sure take
it right you can have the best of me and
you can treat me like [ __ ]
anyone will get there in a second so
then the bond of us are like okay you
kind of have a fair argument right like
because your dad was the older brother
and so like it is you did kind of get
robbed and it's not your fault he's
blind so let's do halfsies you guys take
half the kingdom we'll take half the
kingdom and what are the core OS a they
probably say see your minds learning
okay right answer so they say [ __ ] you
and the bond of us say okay fine we can
live with that because we're good people
I'm on they're good people they're
givers they're helpers just like you
they're helpers right and other people
can be [ __ ] but we're gonna be nice
to them and so they say fine
give us we're five brothers in it's our
Dogma it's our duty to rule because
we're kings right we're princes we're
royalty I should rule something so give
us five villages you guys take the rest
give us each one village so that we can
do what we were born on this earth to do
which is to rule in govern and y'all can
have 95% of the kingdom just give us
five percent what are the core I must
say I think
point they just say sure whatever but I
don't know yeah maybe they also still
say [ __ ] you absolutely right because
that's how people are
they say [ __ ] you terrible it is and it
leaves me feeling so jaded
that people can do that and get away
scot-free huh
jaded is that how you feel and they
probably feel I don't know a word worse
than jaded yeah right so it's almost
like the story is relevant to your
situation
bizarre mm-hmm so then the bond of us
say like they're kind of confuse and
then and then there's a guy named
Krishna he was the guy who advised the
thirteen-year condition by the way so he
says absolutely this is unacceptable you
guys can't accept this answer so Krishna
says you have to fight like it's it's
not acceptable like you can't if someone
promises you something like be a giving
person is one thing like it's one thing
to say that you were owed something and
accept less and it's another thing to
even accept way less but at some point
you have to draw your line in the sand
and being a good person is not the right
thing to do I don't know where to draw
yeah yeah absolutely I get that right so
that's what we're gonna try to teach you
how to do and then the story sort of
continues and on the eve of battle so
they like rap you know martial their
troops and they get everyone together on
the eve of Adam one of the brothers is
looking across at these people who are
who are nice to him when they did when
they Deanna people who are is his
friends and his teachers and and people
that he cares about in respects and he
truly believes her friends and he says
you know what it's not [ __ ] worth it
like it is not worth it to kill these
people that I care about and my friends
for the sake of like what you call
justice says like I just don't want it
like it's not worth it to actually shoot
an arrow and kill that guy he can be an
[ __ ] but I don't want to kill them
and then krishna says no you have to
fight it's absolutely worth it because
it's not about like being a nice guy
like life is about doing your dharma
doing your duty
and in this case your duty is not to be
a nice guy and somewhere along the way
we we've we've conflated being a nice
guy with doing your duty right and you
did it with your parents your duty to
them is not to protect them that's the
nice thing to do absolutely because like
how is it not the right thing to do to
protect your parents but it's not your
tournament it's not your duty you don't
owe them license you owe them honesty
and you owe them the chance to make your
life better even if it hurts them mm-hmm
so there's a point where you got to draw
your line in the sand and being a nice
is not the right thing you've got to do
what's right and if people don't meet
you right I'm not saying like you burn
all bridges because I'm not a fan of
that right so like my Road tends to be
communication not you know fire and
brimstone but but I've also been
severely burned that way too burned in
what way
like even if someone like if I try to
speak to someone about an issue
privately
some people will out that some people
will then judge me for trying to resolve
something privately it just feels like
whether I respond don't respond it
doesn't matter what I do it will be
twisted and used against me to make me
look do you feel powerless you saw the
powerless in the situation what I'm
hearing for me more than anything else
is that you don't have any kind of
agency like no matter what you do you
get [ __ ] yes that sounds awful I don't
know I feel bad saying that cuz like
gorgeous I don't like I don't want to
like play victim like both because I'm
not perfect
and because I have privilege but that is
you shouldn't be complaining come on is
that what you're saying yeah get in the
closet
good now you're learning get in the
[ __ ] closet
yeah I'm on you're not allowed to have
feelings like who the [ __ ] do you think
you are I'm having feelings being hurt
by people your Twitter OMT who the [ __ ]
told you you get to have feelings
and this is this is the crazy thing
about twitch right like this is what
people don't understand is that people
look at you and they look at streamers
and they look at the audience and then I
think that there's a power dynamic
between these two people that one of
these people is stronger than the other
the whole [ __ ] point of twitch is
that we're all equal right like what we
see here is like a terrible power
dynamic because how do you even fight
against that they are formless they're
infinite number mm-hmm and you're half a
person because half of yous in the plaza
yeah like what's the real pout like if
the Internet is mad at you
I learned this the hardening when I did
an open Q&A on my discord live on stream
and boy did I get [ __ ]
really yeah actually Aquarius experience
but like there were 300 people in a disc
or chat we were just talking and I was
answering questions and one guy decides
that he's gonna start dropping and bombs
and he just he just doesn't say anything
except for the n-word over and over over
again and and he says it in a way I mean
like there's a small part of me that
can't blame the guy because you know I
appreciated what he was doing because
yeah I know it's like you know strike
while the iron's hot and he said it like
chugga-chugga-chugga-chugga
chugga-chugga-chugga-chugga temperature
so he he grabbed anyway so he and so
there was a part of me that thought it
was hilarious like I can't you know if I
saw that on LSF I would have laughed
mm-hmm so I can't blame the guy but like
that's like there's just no way that
like an individual person can fight
against the multitudes like you just
can't like you can't win against reddit
you get you can be you can be logged by
reddit and you can be loved by twitch
but you can't win against them right
it's like a Hydra like you chop off one
head like that's like what I'm hearing
come use the story the Hydra you chop
off one head and grows two more you
argue with someone on reddit and it's
like boy are two people downloading for
everyone like like it's it's amazing
it's like it's like every villains story
brought to life
anything you send them away like only
makes them stronger Iman any kind of
talks it even this I worry feels like
giving people ammo for whatever it may
be
yeah so I'm gonna try to say something
absolutely crazy which is given as much
ammo as they want to because whether
that ammo lands or not is on you they
can shoot but it's your choice whether
you get hit they can send you venom and
they can send you toxicity and and by
the way maybe this is famous last words
right because maybe I don't know because
I've never been on the bad end I mean
people criticize me and stuff but like I
don't think it's been anywhere near what
a lot of and I'm grateful for that
please don't please don't kill but but
you know it's easy for me to say so I
acknowledge that but I do believe that
like the funny thing is that like I
think that I do a lot of I mean I think
the cool thing and what I mean by give
them ammo is that I think that twitch
isn't evil right like sure it's this
Hydra but like sometimes the Hydra
cotton see and that's actually what I've
discovered in the month of May is like
people are donating like thousands of
dollars I think the Hydra is like
amazing it's powerful but it's not evil
it's just like twitch can be a force of
good and power and support and I think
that's what that's why you're successful
because it's not if you think about like
you know the Hydra has a lot more heads
that are licking you than it does that
are like biting you that's true you know
and sometimes it's easy to forget that
it's so easy to forget that and that
comes down to attachment and a couple of
other things but I mean I don't think
that you should let you know if it's
like if it's being a bad Hydra you've
got to smack it on the nose and soon
Hydra that you should feel and I want
you to feel empowered to say things to
speak your truth in like you know if the
consequence has happened the consequence
has happened you know it's kind of like
sometimes you got to be you know tank
man is anyway so there's like this very
famous photo from
Tiananmen Square of like a dude with a
grocery bag standing in front of a line
of Tanks and and anyway if you it's it's
old now but like there's just there's
like it's you've probably seen the same
sentiment can be found and take your
pick of anime when the underdog stands
up and you just got a you know you got a
hold hold your line sometimes and like
if the tanks roll over you they roll
over you like I'm not saying like
because you are powerless like you can't
you can't stop a line of tanks with a
human body but like you know that
shouldn't stop you from speaking your
truth sorry I've been talking for a
while no it's okay you know so there's a
part of me that says like if people are
mean to you in private
then you should let them know that it's
hurtful and if they want to air that
dirty laundry then like then you're done
with them so much unnecessary drama
I've gone to the point where it's just I
just I avoid where I am aware enough to
avoid what does that mean if I feel a
situation even where I am wronged and
perhaps I should tell someone like why
are you messaging me like this when you
were just talking [ __ ] however long ago
I don't even feel like I should do that
because that's like an open invitation
to perhaps creating more drama and so
it's like maybe I will just have no
friends and so I have no expectations of
anyone that's sad way to live life
yeah but maybe I will get hurt less that
way you will get hurt less but I
understand it's like it's better to have
loved than not to have loved at all you
take the risk no no no no but let's not
accept that right like let's make it
let's let's study that let's be
scientific so like you've got a choice
and and I don't I don't think I mean I
mean I'm with you that you know I
personally believe it's better to have
loved and lost than to never loved at
all but it's easy for me to say that
because I'm really lost
I started out nothing and it it's
different like I'm in a different place
because I had nothing for a long time
and then I've gained a lot I don't
really know what it's like to lose you
know I was like there's a difference
between losing your money and like being
broke from the get-go and so I don't
really know what it's like to lose like
even on twitch like I'm still in the
honeymoon phase I think you know people
favor it I'm just ignorant like I just
don't know like I don't know you know
that's what everyone tells all all the
boomers tell me like you did savor it
who's the boomer now which boomer but
yeah I mean I I don't know so I think
you know you can try that right like you
can try ignoring them you can try not
being connected to them and then there's
something in me that says that like
actually if we if we challenge people in
the right way and and we sort of diss on
their defensive miss that maybe they can
grow and like I don't know I'm just like
I don't know what would happen because
you say it sounds like when you take
issue with them they like Eric publicly
and it creates more drama sometimes yeah
and what about the other times sometimes
they react very defensively I think also
because like I don't know it's like
behind my back
it's easy to make fun of me but directly
to me perhaps they're intimidated on
some level and if I come to them with
like oh like this thing is not okay
they'll just be very defensive be mad
make a bigger deal out of it privately
and publicly whatever it is it's going
all sorts of ways and the only times
that ever like mm-hmm really goes well
is if someone is like closer to me or we
have a more legitimate a baseline
friendship as opposed to just like being
friends or knowing each other or being
on good terms but actually that brings
me to the other point of like kind of
being jaded or feeling bad because even
though I have a lot of like good friends
on Twitch I never ever feel like anyone
would risk standing up for me
cuz it could be bad for business and I
mean that's nice and fair when it's just
business
but sometimes what do you think about it
it kind of sucks mainly because but like
I understand a lot of people just like
don't like that's not part of their
personality but it is like part of my
personality if I ever saw one of my
friends being wronged it's just like in
me to wants like stand up for that or
being like or say like that's not true
that's not fair above all blah
and sometimes feeling like that would
never be reciprocated or never really is
reciprocated kind of feels bad so kind
of like that whole area of my work like
on it when it's just me streaming to my
audience and like having a good like a
good time like that's fine but then
everything past that feels like such a
headache and that's just
the iceberg honestly I think for a
second of course take all the time you
want I have no plans this is not plans
you
man this is complicated
do you say that often during these kinds
of sessions I don't know I try not to
pay attention I guess if I didn't say it
often what does that mean for you I
don't know I guess you sounded taken
aback or surprised or something I guess
it does not mean much it is what it is
it is what it is I think it means
something just maybe it validates my
situation to some extent I think so that
feels nice hmm do I do I say validating
things often I have not kept track I
think you are not trying to tip the
scales in any way okay but this feels
like a nice conversation not paying
attention to how validating it may or
may not be it I just feel like it's nice
to have a back-and-forth about things
that I don't frequently talk about so
there are a couple of different things
here and I don't know I so Iman I want
to say if your game with it maybe we can
dig into this more later just because I
tend to need so the more complicated it
is the more I want to be at a hundred
percent and I don't know how long I can
stay at a hundred percent because I
think this could be another like I can't
there's no way that you're gonna get
there's no way that I can put forward my
best self over the course of the next
hour and a half that's okay
and at the same time I think we can
definitely start talking about it but I
just so like there are a couple of
different dimensions here okay so the
first is that
and this is I don't mean this make this
sound as invalidating is it is its gonna
come across but why do you care right
like what's your skin in the game like
what is it about the drama and the
things that are said on Reddit and the
things that are said about you and not
to your face that bother you
there's something about ego and identity
and respect and whether that respect
comes from the outside or whether it
comes from the inside like your worth
and we're on the axis of like within
them on and outside of them on it comes
from mm-hmm and I think unfortunately
like you being Moroccan doesn't really
help with this and like I know that
basically Thai for parents and Indian
parents because it is like they do tell
you right Oh so-and-so is getting
married right like oh and this is
happening this is happening this is
happening so we're kind of ingrained and
you're not gonna be Caucasian or
Hispanic or whatever it just depends on
what kind of parents you are but
culturally like at least South Asian
East Asian and sort of like Middle
Eastern cultures are very very big into
image and in that respect is something
that can be like measured with like a
measuring stick right it's like not only
is that person a doctor it's like they
tell me which school he went to and like
my tariff I mean I tell my mom you know
my mom doesn't thankfully she doesn't
make that mistakes you didn't talk about
me you're just great right so and and so
I think the first thing is about like
where your attachment to this whole
issue so I think there's there's
salvation if you become unattached from
it yeah yeah right so that's one option
but then there are a couple of other
things because I just don't think it's
like you know it's it's a shitty answer
to say just care less so so like while I
think that that's true I don't think
that that's like sufficient or we're not
anywhere near there yet because not
caring means that you have strengths
coming from in here and I just don't
think you have that mm-hmm and that kind
of goes back yeah God so what we were
saying before which is my lack of time
being able to develop a sort of identity
that's kind of how I've related the to
which is just like the way to not care
about what people
think is just to like be confident
enough in yourself absolutely right so
there's yeah so so I think the other
thing is when we talk about
defensiveness like that's the ego right
like so when someone gets defensive
that's their ego activating that's them
sense of like wanting to fight back and
I think part of what you're running into
is that you activate the egos of other
people because they know they did
something wrong and then very few people
have the wherewithal to like recognize
when their ego is active in that the
words that are coming out of their mouth
or by definition
wrong because their mind is butthurt and
the more butthurt you are the more
incorrect things you're gonna think and
the more incorrect things you're gonna
say but that's not something that they
teach us that when your ego is active
that's you being hurt and then like
anything that comes afterward you know
so my kid at 4:00 in the morning came
and slept with me in our bed and then
she does this thing where she doesn't
sleep like in line with us she either
sleeps perpendicularly or she sleeps
topsy turvy and she just won't stay on a
pillow she just like once she just moves
around and then she kicked me in the
face at like 4:30 because she's just
she's like hungry and she's like not
sleeping well and stuff and then like
you know I felt hurt and I wanted to
smack her and like you know I want to
smack her because you get kicked in the
face by like you know an almost
three-year-old and she's actually like
yeah it's a reaction and it's the hurt
is gonna lead me to do things that are
like not good to do and I think that's
what you're running up against is when
you hold someone accountable they're
gonna feel hurt and they're gonna feel
defensive and they're gonna attack and
then you feel defensive because you're
being attacked and you feel hurt so like
hurt and offensiveness and ego all tied
together and so then there's another
issue here which is like how do you
relate to people can you actually become
better voicing your feelings can you
phrase things away in dms that and here
I'm thinking calculated now it's like
I'm sort of almost tapping my when I
guide people who or when I talk to
people who have like problems with like
corporate boards like
say I'm working with CEO and like the
board doesn't like him and something's
going on like that's what we're kind of
getting into how do you how do you write
an email in a way that if someone
forwards it cuz that's gonna happen
right because it's on paper and really
yeah it's like how do you write an email
that can't be taken out of context or
protects you from being taken out of
context intersects the most Oh like to
the audience they don't consider that
the fact that if something were to be
shown publicly I mean like depending on
what it says that someone would have
needed to be extremely calculating and
to some of them they would consider that
like being fake they would need to be
very calculating in order to have
something be shown publicly and not
cause any issue typically but then also
they want you to be like real and never
show any sign of like being calculating
or strategic or what they would deem is
like disingenuous or fake but then
that's the very stuff that they accept
or think is normal or like or think is
acceptable do you kind of get where I'm
coming yeah I get I think I get where
you're coming from so Waterman sucks
that just sounds exhausting yeah like
it's like there's so much work into like
each thing that go like each word like
so normal human beings get to talk yeah
right like other people get to DM back
and forth what are the [ __ ] they want
but you don't get to do that I just wish
I could feel like
I could be worthy of the benefit of the
doubt and I just feel like instead it's
the complete opposite it's like how can
we manufacture this to make it look like
she is some like devil succubus sting
monster that is trying to kill people I
don't know what happened to mom can you
can you tell me what happened so many
things have happened Nick one there was
this one like for example this one video
that went kind of viral where someone
was like talking about like the dark
side of pokey maid and saying oh she's
actually a really bad person because of
like this and not and they took a lot of
clips from my stream and it's amazing
what like ominous music and someone
delivering lines very well will say
prior to very specific cut up clips with
no context not to say that I am perfect
or I go about things in a perfect way
but it definitely made me look very bad
and also just like that in combination
with scandals about things that are like
not in my opinion like super super
important so things like that will occur
and then that will make me feel like oh
every little thing that I say can be
like used against me or clipped out of
context or whatever it is and like I am
not worthy of any sort of benefit of the
doubt and then the cherry on top is that
almost any time someone has created a
massive issue like that for me in my
life at some point or other they slide
in the DMS with a massive apology like
that video even though it amassed I
think millions of views has now been
deleted because the guy himself felt
like the video like didn't really make
sense it wasn't very fair to me and you
know what that doesn't
delete the hundreds of thousands of
shitty things that people have sent to
me said about me thought about me
or the way in which it has jaded me so
yeah that easy Lorena
I'm leaking why are you leaking what's
what's coming out what's leaking
yes I'm you just like pent up feelings
and regards a lot I don't know what what
feelings sadness it's like I pity myself
you pity yourself what about you as
pitiable I don't know are you not saying
because you don't want to provide people
with ammo or do you really not know oh I
guess just like I want to say my
situation but it has a lot of upsides as
well so see there it is again yeah there
it is the pens in this hand
it should be in this hand it's so I mean
really like I asked that question about
ammo for a reason because I think what
you feel you do not feel as fair to say
I don't feel like anything is fair to
say yeah that's you Shing him on into
the closet right and now we're kind of
at a dangerous crossroads because like
what you're telling me is actually true
this isn't in your head and that's why
the [ __ ] is complicated because if you
do talk about how you actually feel
people will crucify you they're waiting
they're out there what is this [ __ ]
complaining about alright or they'll use
the c-word yeah and I think it's
interesting I remember first sort of
encountering this with dev and mash and
sort of like we were talking about why
people are toxic and and I think like
you know what I what I told him and and
what I still think I kind of believe
because I remember who I used to hate
right because like I've felt that do I
mean being 25 years old and you know
have nothing but 80 medical school
rejection letters to show for what
you've done in life is not like it's not
it's like a dark place to be right not
having a job being supported by mommy
and daddy and you know like not even
like not even Kentucky not even helping
people like Matt contributing like doing
nothing and I think this this is why I
like mental health is a problem because
like these people don't have it like
these people their hatred doesn't come
from evil right it's like the Hydra like
the Hydra acts like depending on how you
treat it
I think the crazy thing is that I think
those people are like they're hurting
and they don't know what to do with that
it's like they're like children like if
you look at children of a like who are
abused like and there was a great stream
with LLS about this where he was kind of
talking about like he used to act out
and be a bad kid and like no no one ever
asked a lie mm-hmm no one ever like
wondered like they just punished him
because he did things that he wasn't
supposed to no one ever asks why I know
these people who hate you they so with
Devin's case I think what what happened
is like what I hate the most night even
still life I feel it today when I see
someone doing something that I feel like
I'm capable of but haven't done it
infuriates me when someone's better than
me and they do something that's fine
because they're better than me but when
someone's not better than me and they do
something that I could have done except
I didn't do it and they did do it boy
does that make me live it because then I
don't have an excuse right then my
weaknesses become exposed and then like
that's just too painful I don't know how
to sit with that pain we don't know how
to sit with pain no one ever teaches us
and then they attack actually so often
when I see people that are like
obsessively attacking me I I just I mean
there are many emotions but a big part
of me just like wants to reach out are
you okay what's wrong
yeah why are you being this way and then
I realize if I do that they'll probably
just take it as an opportunity to just
say where's things directly to me or
screenshotted or do whatever sure so
it's become sad oh you know I mean not
to go into the Lions Den but like if
that happens again send them my way I
would love to talk to Sirius I told the
same thing to Devin like these people
don't show up
[ __ ] infuriates me I know they're
real toxic as we've had to in cells come
on stream there weren't real insults
we had a guy with a [ __ ] wife who he
was like he's like a normal dude it's
like where's the fucked-up-ness like
give me give me like gimme give me the
worst part like I want the drags right
because they deserve a spot too mm-hmm
and we need to understand that we need
to help them make any send them my way
okay I'll link them here yeah I'm
serious like like the guy who made that
video and so I think there's a couple of
other things that I just want to say
because I it's complicated there's so
many threads here there's something so
devastating about getting an apology in
private I can't tell you the amount of
times and in the moment it feels nice
and then long-term I realize wait this
person got off scot-free
and the amount of resentment is
something like do you accept their
apology what else am I gonna do I mean I
very much appreciate it and I think it
takes some sort of courage to do that
too but it like in the moment I don't
realize what they would never apologize
publicly yeah so you know what else am I
gonna do like that comes back to the
parma right like
sometimes it's okay to say I don't
forgive you you don't have to like no
one is entitled to forgiveness something
like somewhere along the way we thought
that people were entitled to forgiveness
that's not how it works I think it's
more so like I expect forgiving them -
or like accepting the apology - then
make that situation go away but now I've
realized no there is still some
resentment within me so then that that
forgiveness is fake you do it because
you're supposed to do it you do it
because we've been trained to say it's
okay when someone apologizes right and
we do it all the time and like yeah it's
a real problem like no one is entitled
to forgiveness like I know that this
place is supposed to be positive but I
really think that oh man does positivity
infuriate me because it's so [ __ ]
dishonest sometimes yeah I mean to be
fair really not intentionally like all
those times I really thought oh they
apologize this is very nice okay let's
all move on with our lives yeah so I
think I think there's so I think you're
halfway there so I think I think
forgiving is good but I think it's gotta
like be actual forgiveness right so I
think that the problem isn't that you're
forgiving the problem is that you're not
saying the rest of it the problem is is
you saying because it's kind of you know
because they apologized and then and
then you said something really brilliant
which is like it doesn't change the fact
that there were hundreds of thousands of
messages thoughts like it doesn't change
the damage it doesn't undo the damage
and somewhere along the way we started
believing that an apology undoes the
damage like if I'm driving down the
street and I'm walking down the street
with one of my kids and the drunk driver
drives by and like you know runs over my
child and kills them heaven forbid you
know I hope that doesn't happen knock on
wood
and then that person comes to me and
says I'm sorry and then I say I forgive
you it doesn't change the fact that you
know there's such a damage has been done
an apology does not wipe away the damage
and the issue here I'm on is that like I
think that somewhere along the way we
started believing that forgiving wipes
away the damage because true forgiveness
is part of that mourning is part of that
acceptance but even then I don't think
that anyone is owed like your own and
I'm sorry but you're not they're not
owed mercy from you and somewhere along
the way like you decided that you were a
good person and this is what a good
person does but like I think that's your
problem like you do you deserve an
apology absolutely do they deserve your
forgiveness absolutely not
I don't really know how else to go about
it yeah that's tricky right because
we're not talking stuff right I mean I
think it starts with speaking your truth
and and that too is like in the dm's and
you can say like I appreciate your
apology but like I don't know that the
damage you've done like has been fixed
right I'm
why'd you feel remorse in that situation
people will just be defensive and be
like wow this isn't good enough for you
and I'm not turn around back yeah I
tried to apologize but she was a total
[ __ ] about it you know it's there's no
way that so you can't win right so and
this is this is where I think the
biggest problem this kind of comes back
to the beginning of detachment is that
you're playing a game where someone else
you're playing a game that like someone
else determines who wins and who loses
mm-hmm like this is why you feel
powerless because you're playing a game
where like no matter what you say
someone else can do something with it
and that's exactly the [ __ ] point
that's where detachment comes from the
game is rigged and yet we continue to
play it true we put our feelings in our
lives in our sense of self into the
hands of others and then we [ __ ] and
whine but it feels like that's such like
an inherent part of the job it isn't in
here it's not just a part of the job my
friend it's a part of life yeah every
time you like when you're year three you
in the third grade and you do your math
homework and you like get a grade back
like that's you giving power to the
world like at some point very very
quickly it goes about it moves away from
learning to grades happens so fast no
one gives a [ __ ] about learning everyone
gives a [ __ ] about grades it's about the
outcome it's about the perception mm-hmm
like when when people talk about
Moroccan doctors they say like oh this
person is a doctor like everyone talks
about that person like they're a doctor
like no one talks about the people that
they sing right and live it's like
there's value that a doctor is greater
than other human beings it's like it's
not greater than other human beings
they're just people everyone's just
people everyone does their part but we
elevate some and it's not about the
actual thing in its
perception of the thing or the opinions
of others and I mean oh you know I think
like you're just you're playing a game
like in that you feel powerless because
you can't wait like how do you win
mm-hmm
and this is a party that's really really
faking throwing whatever you want under
the bus but somehow making it out
looking nice but I don't think that is
the way I would be okay with winning
yeah that's not right I'm just stuck
suffering yeah no you don't need to stop
caring no you don't need to do that good
side what was that what is that what
does that tell me think for a second
you know maybe I don't need to do
anything that's exactly right
now almost let it slip away you don't
need to detach you need to do absolutely
nothing just sit with your suffering let
him on out of the closet that's the sign
you almost let it slip away almost you
don't need to do anything because you're
perfect
right I mean like the rest of the world
like haters gonna hate man right we've
been saying it for I don't know I don't
know yeah satchel you don't need to do
anything you know like if like here's
the thing so now we're gonna wrap up
okay I'll teach you to meditate if you
want but you are what you are him on and
I think part of I mean my understanding
is that you're you know for the most
part pretty authentic and I don't blame
you if you want but and if you think
about it like you know what what's also
been responsible for like bringing you
to where you are is like is actually you
it's not it's not you playing the game
and and so you you you are perfect and
what you give to twitch is actually like
what most of twitch loves and then like
what some people do is they hate what
you did because it's authentic it's like
we hate the person who does the thing
that we're capable of and we don't do
like the problem is that like you're a
generally positive person people [ __ ]
hate that they hate that because they're
like I tried to be a positive person and
I didn't end up as twitch royalty like
that's not fair and then they try to
tear you down but you you can just be
what you are and like like that's what
you are and like people love you for it
apparently you know I think you're
awesome and I don't know if you've been
faking it you're doing this for you know
if you're farming views or whatever I
have no idea like if I tried man I feel
like if I was faking things I should be
doing a way better job I think I think I
think yeah I don't and I think the thing
is if you really really stop and you
look the world loves you for who you are
like I'm serious it's not it's not I
know I say positive sounding [ __ ] but
I'm not trying to say positive sound you
should I'm just saying like can you get
to where you are by being who
not or by being who you are cuz it's way
harder to be who you're not than it is
to be who you are I don't think you can
get to where you are by being fake fake
here and there sure but like your true
colors eventually show up
I mean twitch is really good at sniffing
out false in this vitami yeah I mean
when you dream for so many hours yeah
yeah you
I mean so I mean I think at the end of
the day you're spot-on it sits in that
sigh and don't lose that in that moment
you understood like in that moment you
understood because like maybe I just
don't need to do anything here
absolutely and then then that thing
comes up and so I know you should do
this and you shouldn't do this and you
should do this no don't do anything just
be yourself [ __ ] slack off for a day
or two and the people are gonna hate you
because you you spoke out of turn you're
like yeah well no yeah exactly
and this is the cool thing right this is
the cool thing is when you say oops
what is the hydrogen like absolutely
it's really cool like it's really really
cool like people come on here and air
their dirty laundry over and over and
over again and like what do they get
they get hugs yeah I do really love that
aspect when people see the humanity in
you yeah like take a chance to see the
humanity in yourself
last thoughts questions I feel like I'm
wiped oh no my eyeballs are wiped this
is very very nice I have you know see
different therapists and stuff but I've
never really got into this aspect of it
especially in regards to my family or
with someone who like understands the
space you know how often are you gonna
find a therapist that streams just about
never and then you have to go into
trying to explain this beast of a thing
so it was very nice talking to someone
who who gets it
well you're very welcome it was an
absolute pleasure from I mean I love
talking to new people it's make you feel
like that's a you people I mean I I love
talking to ya but you know I I have
oddly enough I I think the reason I say
you people is because I identify more
with the audience than the streamer I
view myself as twitch chat personified
on stream as opposed to an actual stream
work I really don't think about myself
anyway maybe there's a lesson somewhere
in there but my brain is too fried to to
tease it apart all right you're frying
your brain no no I mean I think it's
good like you know I I like I like fried
food from you know it's just I i I've
come to acknowledge my limits but yeah I
really appreciate what you've done I you
know Iman just to be honest I'm I found
myself to be a little bit surprised but
I guess I shouldn't be because you know
having watched her scream a couple of
times I'm I never realized you were
hanging on to so much and I feel sad
that you've been hanging on to it and I
don't think you deserve that I think you
deserve to be able to have fun and I
deserve I think you deserve to be more
fully who you show us I want to think
the same thing
and feel deserving of that well said see
that's a statement of where you are
right you didn't say I should you said I
want to it's an acknowledgement that
you're not capable with that that's
actually step forward so it makes me
very happy to hear you say that
do you want to meditate or we just kind
of are we done what do you think oh
absolutely
how about you just tell me how no no
we're going to do have any no we're
gonna I should be able to express myself
without giving in to that feeling
voguing guilt or anything on your part
no shoulds allowed yeah
[Music]
okay I'm not quite sure if this I don't
let me let me just think for a second I
try to tailor people's the meditation
that I teach teach to both be
introductory and also to apply to like
what people are dealing with I'm tempted
to teach you chanting but I want you to
do something particular with chanting if
that's okay you've ever chanted before
I'm chanting heard of this done this
okay all right okay all right so home
chanting is home is composed of three
syllables ah ooh and mmm okay so what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna chant over the
course of one breath start with ah go
through ooh and end up with hmm
and so just listen okay
you
and at home should be listening to
[Music]
got it I heard the ah I don't know if
you lagged out oh i lagged out or maybe
it's not transmitting okay let's try
again
[Music]
did you catch that or no I still only
heard the ah oh [ __ ] okay
well there it goes that it's just I
cannot imagine okay so let me do the ooh
and let me do and maybe discord actually
I'm not sure if it's going on let me
check
let's see what people are saying it's
the gate on this chord I thought so yeah
so I think I think they can hear it
but let me see if come on alright so
we're just not going to worry about that
oh okay I'm okay yeah I can't eat I'm
doing this okay attention okay so I'm
gonna it's it's so I'll do the oh so
actually you can do it this way too so
we'll do three separates
ooh
[Music]
Jr those I turned on your stream and I
heard it they okay so ah over the course
of one breath okay we're gonna do five
rounds - let's do seven rounds I'm a
dropout just because my throat is
scratchy when I talk too much
um chanting is argh and Aman I want you
to pay attention to two things the first
is that chanting is about vibration not
about sound so you're gonna feel kind of
anxious and maybe weird or whatever I
don't know if you have any like history
of performing or whatever but it's fine
to feel those things but focus on the
vibration and specifically try to pay
attention to where do you feel vibration
and it may change with different
syllables and really just try to kind of
go into that vibration and the last
thing that I'm going to ask you to do is
after the seventh round after the
seventh round I want you to pay
attention to like what you feel on the
inside and then try to tell me so think
about it and then try to notice what's
wrong if there's something inside you
that's like not right right so just just
feel what you are and try to figure out
does anything about this feel wrong like
is any anything incomplete should is
there should somewhere in what you feel
after the practice okay all right so so
take a deep breath in so close your eyes
deep breath in
and begin
[Music]
[Laughter]
big deep breath again
[Music]
more energy
good take a second in and out I now will
begin begin again just like that
[Music]
[Laughter]
beautiful focus on the vibration
[Music]
good two more make them count
take a breath just a breath and down
last one long deep calm and full
[Music]
[Laughter]
eyes closed sit with it
and now to try to find what's vlog what
do you feel you can answer if you do you
feel like something like how do you feel
now I feel like especially near the end
of like every time we would do it like
my exhaustion came through yeah
but I feel like um it was nice to kind
of get into it because it feels like a
mental reset yeah so I think you you got
to do something like this and if the
exhaustion is coming through that's
really good it's not the exhaustion
coming through it's the exhaustion
coming up because I'm on you're very
tired you're very very tired stop saying
stuff this can make me cry I mean I'm
I'm sorry but you know and I think you
don't let yourself you don't let
yourself sit down
you don't like other people get to take
a break but you don't ensure there's a
part of that that's like streaming and
business and stuff like that but I'm not
talking about business I'm talking about
up here and so you've got to let
yourself feel that and and let it
because you don't let yourself be tired
and that's not fair sorry back to square
one good I mean so so what I tell people
is when they meditate what comes up is
what needs to come up because meditation
is about relieving the pressure on your
mind and when you when you create less
pressure so if I depressurize a chamber
right and I reduce the pressure then it
becomes closer to a vacuum and when you
have a vacuum more stuff can come in so
like there's stuff in you that you've
walled off and shut off in the closet
that when you meditate you know each
round of meditation like towards the end
as you enter quietness and the pressure
and drops from the chanting you this
thing starts to come up I mean this is
why I think chanting is a good technique
for you because you're gonna you can't
sit there you're not ready to sit there
you're not ready for the closet to be
open you're not ready for that glass
wall with the pile of dishes on the
other side you're not ready for the wall
to come down what you want to do is take
a peek inside and each round you chant
you peek inside you peek inside
you peek inside it's like there's
there's you know there's a frightened
Aman who thinks that there's a monster
in the closet and if I open the door
she's gonna freak the [ __ ] out but if I
peek inside I'm gonna just look real
quick I'm gonna shut it right away is
that okay
I opened a new shine I hope I shut and I
do that a couple of times then like
eventually like Iman is gonna be okay
with me like like really looking inside
and then then like maybe like looking
and be like hey do you want to just peek
real quick and then you have to let
yourself be comfortable with that that
exhaustion and let it come up and yeah
so I hope that helps I think you're
awesome I I do I do genuinely think
you're perfect but not in like a twitch
royalty soared away like in a you know
broken and normal human sort of way yeah
and and I think we're all we're all
where we need to be and and sometimes
where we are or not sometimes usually
it's painful and I'm sorry to say this
to a chat but you can you can be a
popular streamer and it doesn't mean
that you don't have feelings like that's
what we think right and we think that oh
if I once I do this if I graduated from
college once I find a girlfriend I
hadn't thought of all these different
things once I do this then I'll be happy
once this'll happens then I'll be happy
the part of the story that I don't tell
people is that I actually got happy
before I started in that school like my
transformation happened before and then
everything after that has been like
immaterial in some way I stopped playing
a rigged game I remember a moment in
meditation where I just started I didn't
used to cry very much or like I hadn't
cried like a decade and then there was a
moment meditation where I just wept and
wept and wept and it was kind of like
you know the catharsis that sometimes
happens here I had this catharsis where
I realized like I'm not any of the
things that I wanted to be and that I
shouldn't be and I'm just not like I
just don't live up to that standard and
I just fully accepted that in
it was okay that like I like looked
around as I go [ __ ] I'm still here like
I don't need to be any of those things
like I'm just what I am and like it's
gonna be like it was it was before
deciding to apply for the third time and
and so it was that the second it was the
second after the second year I applied
to med school and didn't get in and I
was like I'm just not like I thought I
was smart I thought I could do it I
thought I could be all these things I
was like I can't be any of that [ __ ] I'm
just not that good
I'm just what I am and that's when I
changed there's a lot of stuff that you
know led up to that but that was kind of
a turning point me too
there were yeah there's there's a there
are all kinds of stories there about
that and people advising me they're like
hey man you got like a 2.5 we're not
gonna get it what I think is gonna
happen gotta havea rejections what's
gonna happen I was like yeah well [ __ ]
you guys
seriously it was I had a lot of people
advising me to give up but anyway thanks
for coming on thank you for coming
doesn't walk - yeah and and you know if
you have talks of people I really do
want to talk to the worst drags of
people who attack you I'll just link
your channel and then block them can you
link them to the sign up sure and if
there really is someone that that yes
linked them to the sign because then I
need to know who they are
so we can talk to and yeah and and good
luck and you know if you wanna I'm sorry
I didn't have a I didn't have the mana
I'm out of mana at this point I didn't
have the mana to really have that yeah
it's had that second conversation but if
you wanna you know I'd love to hear more
details about jaded stream or resentment
offensiveness and so if you want to talk
down the road cool and good luck to you
and stay safe and and you know I hope
you
you know you and your entire lovely big
household so take care and thank you
very much bye